The president advised the doctor .	The doctor advised the president .	non-entailment
The student saw the managers .	The managers saw the student .	non-entailment
The presidents encouraged the banker .	The banker encouraged the presidents .	non-entailment
The senators supported the actor .	The actor supported the senators .	non-entailment
The actors avoided the bankers .	The bankers avoided the actors .	non-entailment
The senators mentioned the artist .	The artist mentioned the senators .	non-entailment
The managers saw the secretaries .	The secretaries saw the managers .	non-entailment
The professor recognized the secretaries .	The secretaries recognized the professor .	non-entailment
The author contacted the scientist .	The scientist contacted the author .	non-entailment
The athletes recommended the senator .	The senator recommended the athletes .	non-entailment
The president avoided the athlete .	The athlete avoided the president .	non-entailment
The judges supported the banker .	The banker supported the judges .	non-entailment
The senators contacted the scientists .	The scientists contacted the senators .	non-entailment
The banker thanked the tourist .	The tourist thanked the banker .	non-entailment
The tourists admired the secretary .	The secretary admired the tourists .	non-entailment
The lawyers helped the judge .	The judge helped the lawyers .	non-entailment
The actors introduced the lawyer .	The lawyer introduced the actors .	non-entailment
The professors advised the judge .	The judge advised the professors .	non-entailment
The artists contacted the professor .	The professor contacted the artists .	non-entailment
The student recognized the senator .	The senator recognized the student .	non-entailment
The secretary introduced the judge .	The judge introduced the secretary .	non-entailment
The senators introduced the president .	The president introduced the senators .	non-entailment
The lawyer introduced the professors .	The professors introduced the lawyer .	non-entailment
The tourist believed the students .	The students believed the tourist .	non-entailment
The athlete recommended the judge .	The judge recommended the athlete .	non-entailment
The secretary recommended the lawyer .	The lawyer recommended the secretary .	non-entailment
The authors recommended the professors .	The professors recommended the authors .	non-entailment
The students thanked the authors .	The authors thanked the students .	non-entailment
The tourist contacted the judges .	The judges contacted the tourist .	non-entailment
The authors introduced the students .	The students introduced the authors .	non-entailment
The author contacted the professors .	The professors contacted the author .	non-entailment
The judges recommended the president .	The president recommended the judges .	non-entailment
The students believed the judges .	The judges believed the students .	non-entailment
The athletes supported the president .	The president supported the athletes .	non-entailment
The managers introduced the bankers .	The bankers introduced the managers .	non-entailment
The authors encouraged the judges .	The judges encouraged the authors .	non-entailment
The actor stopped the senators .	The senators stopped the actor .	non-entailment
The artist avoided the senators .	The senators avoided the artist .	non-entailment
The actors recognized the student .	The student recognized the actors .	non-entailment
The senators stopped the presidents .	The presidents stopped the senators .	non-entailment
The scientists encouraged the lawyers .	The lawyers encouraged the scientists .	non-entailment
The professors helped the presidents .	The presidents helped the professors .	non-entailment
The authors stopped the senator .	The senator stopped the authors .	non-entailment
The professor advised the manager .	The manager advised the professor .	non-entailment
The manager introduced the judge .	The judge introduced the manager .	non-entailment
The presidents contacted the scientist .	The scientist contacted the presidents .	non-entailment
The artists encouraged the scientists .	The scientists encouraged the artists .	non-entailment
The lawyer advised the author .	The author advised the lawyer .	non-entailment
The student contacted the senator .	The senator contacted the student .	non-entailment
The students recognized the professor .	The professor recognized the students .	non-entailment
The actor believed the scientist .	The scientist believed the actor .	non-entailment
The artist contacted the tourist .	The tourist contacted the artist .	non-entailment
The president helped the actors .	The actors helped the president .	non-entailment
The professors introduced the secretary .	The secretary introduced the professors .	non-entailment
The doctors advised the senator .	The senator advised the doctors .	non-entailment
The doctors believed the student .	The student believed the doctors .	non-entailment
The judges mentioned the student .	The student mentioned the judges .	non-entailment
The judge called the doctors .	The doctors called the judge .	non-entailment
The managers stopped the president .	The president stopped the managers .	non-entailment
The artist introduced the tourists .	The tourists introduced the artist .	non-entailment
The manager contacted the secretaries .	The secretaries contacted the manager .	non-entailment
The judges recommended the secretary .	The secretary recommended the judges .	non-entailment
The actors called the professor .	The professor called the actors .	non-entailment
The scientists avoided the actors .	The actors avoided the scientists .	non-entailment
The banker encouraged the artists .	The artists encouraged the banker .	non-entailment
The artists believed the bankers .	The bankers believed the artists .	non-entailment
The professor recommended the manager .	The manager recommended the professor .	non-entailment
The doctor thanked the secretary .	The secretary thanked the doctor .	non-entailment
The banker admired the actors .	The actors admired the banker .	non-entailment
The banker thanked the lawyer .	The lawyer thanked the banker .	non-entailment
The managers called the athletes .	The athletes called the managers .	non-entailment
The tourists introduced the authors .	The authors introduced the tourists .	non-entailment
The secretary mentioned the authors .	The authors mentioned the secretary .	non-entailment
The banker admired the tourist .	The tourist admired the banker .	non-entailment
The lawyers thanked the managers .	The managers thanked the lawyers .	non-entailment
The authors recognized the judges .	The judges recognized the authors .	non-entailment
The senators saw the author .	The author saw the senators .	non-entailment
The students stopped the professors .	The professors stopped the students .	non-entailment
The athletes thanked the student .	The student thanked the athletes .	non-entailment
The lawyers recommended the professor .	The professor recommended the lawyers .	non-entailment
The student believed the presidents .	The presidents believed the student .	non-entailment
The tourist believed the scientists .	The scientists believed the tourist .	non-entailment
The doctors supported the author .	The author supported the doctors .	non-entailment
The doctor encouraged the author .	The author encouraged the doctor .	non-entailment
The managers encouraged the secretaries .	The secretaries encouraged the managers .	non-entailment
The lawyers advised the tourist .	The tourist advised the lawyers .	non-entailment
The presidents stopped the student .	The student stopped the presidents .	non-entailment
The judges avoided the secretary .	The secretary avoided the judges .	non-entailment
The author recognized the artist .	The artist recognized the author .	non-entailment
The artist mentioned the manager .	The manager mentioned the artist .	non-entailment
The students thanked the managers .	The managers thanked the students .	non-entailment
The secretary admired the presidents .	The presidents admired the secretary .	non-entailment
The artist introduced the judges .	The judges introduced the artist .	non-entailment
The secretaries recommended the judges .	The judges recommended the secretaries .	non-entailment
The manager avoided the bankers .	The bankers avoided the manager .	non-entailment
The secretaries helped the judge .	The judge helped the secretaries .	non-entailment
The author introduced the secretary .	The secretary introduced the author .	non-entailment
The judge contacted the doctors .	The doctors contacted the judge .	non-entailment
The judge believed the actors .	The actors believed the judge .	non-entailment
The tourists recognized the senators .	The senators recognized the tourists .	non-entailment
The students supported the manager .	The manager supported the students .	non-entailment
The lawyers saw the doctor .	The doctor saw the lawyers .	non-entailment
The secretary thanked the artist .	The artist thanked the secretary .	non-entailment
The lawyers contacted the secretary .	The secretary contacted the lawyers .	non-entailment
The author stopped the doctors .	The doctors stopped the author .	non-entailment
The authors stopped the managers .	The managers stopped the authors .	non-entailment
The lawyers recognized the scientists .	The scientists recognized the lawyers .	non-entailment
The presidents recognized the banker .	The banker recognized the presidents .	non-entailment
The tourists saw the manager .	The manager saw the tourists .	non-entailment
The student helped the professor .	The professor helped the student .	non-entailment
The doctors supported the senator .	The senator supported the doctors .	non-entailment
The doctors mentioned the professors .	The professors mentioned the doctors .	non-entailment
The scientists recognized the lawyers .	The lawyers recognized the scientists .	non-entailment
The student saw the tourists .	The tourists saw the student .	non-entailment
The lawyer called the actor .	The actor called the lawyer .	non-entailment
The athlete advised the professor .	The professor advised the athlete .	non-entailment
The doctor encouraged the students .	The students encouraged the doctor .	non-entailment
The actor recognized the senator .	The senator recognized the actor .	non-entailment
The judge encouraged the actor .	The actor encouraged the judge .	non-entailment
The judge contacted the professor .	The professor contacted the judge .	non-entailment
The lawyers saw the senators .	The senators saw the lawyers .	non-entailment
The professor avoided the presidents .	The presidents avoided the professor .	non-entailment
The scientists encouraged the artist .	The artist encouraged the scientists .	non-entailment
The doctors recommended the artists .	The artists recommended the doctors .	non-entailment
The artists believed the lawyer .	The lawyer believed the artists .	non-entailment
The judges stopped the professors .	The professors stopped the judges .	non-entailment
The senator mentioned the managers .	The managers mentioned the senator .	non-entailment
The secretaries mentioned the judges .	The judges mentioned the secretaries .	non-entailment
The tourists introduced the managers .	The managers introduced the tourists .	non-entailment
The tourists recommended the senator .	The senator recommended the tourists .	non-entailment
The managers recognized the scientists .	The scientists recognized the managers .	non-entailment
The artist recommended the lawyer .	The lawyer recommended the artist .	non-entailment
The managers helped the student .	The student helped the managers .	non-entailment
The senators admired the authors .	The authors admired the senators .	non-entailment
The author recommended the doctor .	The doctor recommended the author .	non-entailment
The managers introduced the senator .	The senator introduced the managers .	non-entailment
The bankers stopped the scientists .	The scientists stopped the bankers .	non-entailment
The doctor admired the professor .	The professor admired the doctor .	non-entailment
The actor believed the senators .	The senators believed the actor .	non-entailment
The bankers admired the scientist .	The scientist admired the bankers .	non-entailment
The students advised the judge .	The judge advised the students .	non-entailment
The actors recognized the professors .	The professors recognized the actors .	non-entailment
The doctor stopped the judges .	The judges stopped the doctor .	non-entailment
The senators avoided the scientist .	The scientist avoided the senators .	non-entailment
The author admired the actors .	The actors admired the author .	non-entailment
The artist helped the judge .	The judge helped the artist .	non-entailment
The senator advised the author .	The author advised the senator .	non-entailment
The lawyers helped the bankers .	The bankers helped the lawyers .	non-entailment
The senator encouraged the student .	The student encouraged the senator .	non-entailment
The doctor contacted the banker .	The banker contacted the doctor .	non-entailment
The actors introduced the doctor .	The doctor introduced the actors .	non-entailment
The judge stopped the managers .	The managers stopped the judge .	non-entailment
The tourists saw the presidents .	The presidents saw the tourists .	non-entailment
The student supported the lawyer .	The lawyer supported the student .	non-entailment
The secretary saw the student .	The student saw the secretary .	non-entailment
The actor recommended the artist .	The artist recommended the actor .	non-entailment
The athletes recognized the managers .	The managers recognized the athletes .	non-entailment
The athletes mentioned the actors .	The actors mentioned the athletes .	non-entailment
The judges mentioned the president .	The president mentioned the judges .	non-entailment
The scientist recommended the authors .	The authors recommended the scientist .	non-entailment
The students introduced the doctors .	The doctors introduced the students .	non-entailment
The president recognized the athlete .	The athlete recognized the president .	non-entailment
The tourist believed the doctor .	The doctor believed the tourist .	non-entailment
The athletes contacted the lawyers .	The lawyers contacted the athletes .	non-entailment
The lawyers recognized the secretary .	The secretary recognized the lawyers .	non-entailment
The doctor contacted the tourists .	The tourists contacted the doctor .	non-entailment
The author supported the judge .	The judge supported the author .	non-entailment
The doctor believed the presidents .	The presidents believed the doctor .	non-entailment
The actor supported the doctors .	The doctors supported the actor .	non-entailment
The scientists avoided the lawyers .	The lawyers avoided the scientists .	non-entailment
The tourists believed the authors .	The authors believed the tourists .	non-entailment
The judges supported the artists .	The artists supported the judges .	non-entailment
The athlete recognized the scientist .	The scientist recognized the athlete .	non-entailment
The president recognized the banker .	The banker recognized the president .	non-entailment
The professor saw the presidents .	The presidents saw the professor .	non-entailment
The senator helped the doctor .	The doctor helped the senator .	non-entailment
The president recommended the students .	The students recommended the president .	non-entailment
The artist mentioned the president .	The president mentioned the artist .	non-entailment
The secretaries called the senator .	The senator called the secretaries .	non-entailment
The authors thanked the scientists .	The scientists thanked the authors .	non-entailment
The senators encouraged the artists .	The artists encouraged the senators .	non-entailment
The lawyers encouraged the actors .	The actors encouraged the lawyers .	non-entailment
The bankers admired the manager .	The manager admired the bankers .	non-entailment
The managers advised the secretaries .	The secretaries advised the managers .	non-entailment
The artists helped the doctors .	The doctors helped the artists .	non-entailment
The professor supported the students .	The students supported the professor .	non-entailment
The artist supported the senators .	The senators supported the artist .	non-entailment
The actor mentioned the scientists .	The scientists mentioned the actor .	non-entailment
The authors supported the actor .	The actor supported the authors .	non-entailment
The secretaries advised the bankers .	The bankers advised the secretaries .	non-entailment
The professors helped the managers .	The managers helped the professors .	non-entailment
The secretary recommended the athletes .	The athletes recommended the secretary .	non-entailment
The managers mentioned the senator .	The senator mentioned the managers .	non-entailment
The bankers advised the artists .	The artists advised the bankers .	non-entailment
The professor thanked the tourist .	The tourist thanked the professor .	non-entailment
The artist introduced the actors .	The actors introduced the artist .	non-entailment
The secretary thanked the manager .	The manager thanked the secretary .	non-entailment
The judges believed the president .	The president believed the judges .	non-entailment
The tourist recommended the banker .	The banker recommended the tourist .	non-entailment
The scientists saw the managers .	The managers saw the scientists .	non-entailment
The artist encouraged the secretary .	The secretary encouraged the artist .	non-entailment
The banker admired the scientist .	The scientist admired the banker .	non-entailment
The students supported the judge .	The judge supported the students .	non-entailment
The author supported the actors .	The actors supported the author .	non-entailment
The athletes recognized the doctors .	The doctors recognized the athletes .	non-entailment
The secretaries contacted the author .	The author contacted the secretaries .	non-entailment
The lawyers thanked the bankers .	The bankers thanked the lawyers .	non-entailment
The bankers recognized the artist .	The artist recognized the bankers .	non-entailment
The lawyers mentioned the scientist .	The scientist mentioned the lawyers .	non-entailment
The lawyer helped the professors .	The professors helped the lawyer .	non-entailment
The tourists stopped the lawyers .	The lawyers stopped the tourists .	non-entailment
The judge recognized the artist .	The artist recognized the judge .	non-entailment
The lawyer recommended the scientist .	The scientist recommended the lawyer .	non-entailment
The bankers stopped the students .	The students stopped the bankers .	non-entailment
The actor avoided the lawyer .	The lawyer avoided the actor .	non-entailment
The athlete avoided the judge .	The judge avoided the athlete .	non-entailment
The tourist supported the judges .	The judges supported the tourist .	non-entailment
The professor saw the banker .	The banker saw the professor .	non-entailment
The lawyer recognized the senators .	The senators recognized the lawyer .	non-entailment
The athletes helped the doctors .	The doctors helped the athletes .	non-entailment
The students mentioned the athlete .	The athlete mentioned the students .	non-entailment
The secretaries recognized the lawyer .	The lawyer recognized the secretaries .	non-entailment
The artists supported the judges .	The judges supported the artists .	non-entailment
The tourists avoided the author .	The author avoided the tourists .	non-entailment
The judge stopped the tourist .	The tourist stopped the judge .	non-entailment
The authors advised the doctors .	The doctors advised the authors .	non-entailment
The author helped the senators .	The senators helped the author .	non-entailment
The professor supported the athlete .	The athlete supported the professor .	non-entailment
The artist called the manager .	The manager called the artist .	non-entailment
The bankers introduced the student .	The student introduced the bankers .	non-entailment
The actors stopped the doctors .	The doctors stopped the actors .	non-entailment
The senators stopped the president .	The president stopped the senators .	non-entailment
The lawyers admired the senator .	The senator admired the lawyers .	non-entailment
The professors recommended the manager .	The manager recommended the professors .	non-entailment
The banker admired the senator .	The senator admired the banker .	non-entailment
The senators avoided the doctors .	The doctors avoided the senators .	non-entailment
The secretary saw the authors .	The authors saw the secretary .	non-entailment
The professors saw the lawyer .	The lawyer saw the professors .	non-entailment
The professor advised the banker .	The banker advised the professor .	non-entailment
The lawyers called the scientists .	The scientists called the lawyers .	non-entailment
The senators stopped the secretary .	The secretary stopped the senators .	non-entailment
The banker helped the students .	The students helped the banker .	non-entailment
The scientists recommended the presidents .	The presidents recommended the scientists .	non-entailment
The doctor saw the author .	The author saw the doctor .	non-entailment
The scientist helped the artist .	The artist helped the scientist .	non-entailment
The athletes contacted the secretaries .	The secretaries contacted the athletes .	non-entailment
The banker supported the athlete .	The athlete supported the banker .	non-entailment
The senators called the athlete .	The athlete called the senators .	non-entailment
The doctor admired the actor .	The actor admired the doctor .	non-entailment
The senator advised the secretaries .	The secretaries advised the senator .	non-entailment
The senator mentioned the students .	The students mentioned the senator .	non-entailment
The doctor saw the presidents .	The presidents saw the doctor .	non-entailment
The lawyer mentioned the actor .	The actor mentioned the lawyer .	non-entailment
The actors contacted the senators .	The senators contacted the actors .	non-entailment
The tourists contacted the authors .	The authors contacted the tourists .	non-entailment
The tourist saw the artist .	The artist saw the tourist .	non-entailment
The athletes stopped the authors .	The authors stopped the athletes .	non-entailment
The judges thanked the secretaries .	The secretaries thanked the judges .	non-entailment
The authors stopped the doctors .	The doctors stopped the authors .	non-entailment
The professors encouraged the student .	The student encouraged the professors .	non-entailment
The athletes thanked the artists .	The artists thanked the athletes .	non-entailment
The scientists encouraged the doctor .	The doctor encouraged the scientists .	non-entailment
The bankers admired the professor .	The professor admired the bankers .	non-entailment
The actor helped the bankers .	The bankers helped the actor .	non-entailment
The lawyers encouraged the secretaries .	The secretaries encouraged the lawyers .	non-entailment
The professors called the manager .	The manager called the professors .	non-entailment
The presidents supported the professor .	The professor supported the presidents .	non-entailment
The secretaries advised the tourists .	The tourists advised the secretaries .	non-entailment
The authors recognized the doctor .	The doctor recognized the authors .	non-entailment
The president contacted the artist .	The artist contacted the president .	non-entailment
The professor thanked the student .	The student thanked the professor .	non-entailment
The actor stopped the professors .	The professors stopped the actor .	non-entailment
The artists avoided the scientist .	The scientist avoided the artists .	non-entailment
The scientists saw the artists .	The artists saw the scientists .	non-entailment
The scientist encouraged the professor .	The professor encouraged the scientist .	non-entailment
The senator contacted the lawyers .	The lawyers contacted the senator .	non-entailment
The president supported the judge .	The judge supported the president .	non-entailment
The secretaries contacted the scientist .	The scientist contacted the secretaries .	non-entailment
The actor recommended the students .	The students recommended the actor .	non-entailment
The authors helped the banker .	The banker helped the authors .	non-entailment
The president called the author .	The author called the president .	non-entailment
The secretary recognized the judge .	The judge recognized the secretary .	non-entailment
The student mentioned the professor .	The professor mentioned the student .	non-entailment
The professors contacted the presidents .	The presidents contacted the professors .	non-entailment
The president recommended the artists .	The artists recommended the president .	non-entailment
The secretary admired the scientist .	The scientist admired the secretary .	non-entailment
The tourist introduced the managers .	The managers introduced the tourist .	non-entailment
The author encouraged the professor .	The professor encouraged the author .	non-entailment
The secretaries supported the tourists .	The tourists supported the secretaries .	non-entailment
The doctor stopped the tourists .	The tourists stopped the doctor .	non-entailment
The artist recommended the judge .	The judge recommended the artist .	non-entailment
The senators helped the judge .	The judge helped the senators .	non-entailment
The artists avoided the scientists .	The scientists avoided the artists .	non-entailment
The student thanked the secretary .	The secretary thanked the student .	non-entailment
The professors recommended the students .	The students recommended the professors .	non-entailment
The professor helped the author .	The author helped the professor .	non-entailment
The students supported the banker .	The banker supported the students .	non-entailment
The manager helped the author .	The author helped the manager .	non-entailment
The tourist supported the senator .	The senator supported the tourist .	non-entailment
The manager called the artists .	The artists called the manager .	non-entailment
The managers recognized the presidents .	The presidents recognized the managers .	non-entailment
The athletes recognized the lawyers .	The lawyers recognized the athletes .	non-entailment
The lawyers believed the judge .	The judge believed the lawyers .	non-entailment
The author believed the actor .	The actor believed the author .	non-entailment
The athlete recognized the managers .	The managers recognized the athlete .	non-entailment
The presidents saw the secretaries .	The secretaries saw the presidents .	non-entailment
The tourist supported the professor .	The professor supported the tourist .	non-entailment
The secretaries believed the artist .	The artist believed the secretaries .	non-entailment
The scientists recognized the students .	The students recognized the scientists .	non-entailment
The lawyers supported the author .	The author supported the lawyers .	non-entailment
The presidents avoided the lawyer .	The lawyer avoided the presidents .	non-entailment
The lawyers recommended the artists .	The artists recommended the lawyers .	non-entailment
The judge introduced the student .	The student introduced the judge .	non-entailment
The senators encouraged the students .	The students encouraged the senators .	non-entailment
The artists saw the managers .	The managers saw the artists .	non-entailment
The manager introduced the athletes .	The athletes introduced the manager .	non-entailment
The presidents mentioned the banker .	The banker mentioned the presidents .	non-entailment
The doctors contacted the bankers .	The bankers contacted the doctors .	non-entailment
The bankers stopped the professors .	The professors stopped the bankers .	non-entailment
The president contacted the author .	The author contacted the president .	non-entailment
The doctor admired the athlete .	The athlete admired the doctor .	non-entailment
The professors saw the actors .	The actors saw the professors .	non-entailment
The students saw the artist .	The artist saw the students .	non-entailment
The lawyers thanked the athlete .	The athlete thanked the lawyers .	non-entailment
The athlete saw the secretary .	The secretary saw the athlete .	non-entailment
The tourists mentioned the actors .	The actors mentioned the tourists .	non-entailment
The authors thanked the doctor .	The doctor thanked the authors .	non-entailment
The senators supported the authors .	The authors supported the senators .	non-entailment
The professors mentioned the banker .	The banker mentioned the professors .	non-entailment
The artists called the actors .	The actors called the artists .	non-entailment
The lawyers recommended the students .	The students recommended the lawyers .	non-entailment
The manager recommended the artists .	The artists recommended the manager .	non-entailment
The tourists introduced the secretaries .	The secretaries introduced the tourists .	non-entailment
The presidents thanked the artists .	The artists thanked the presidents .	non-entailment
The lawyer recognized the scientist .	The scientist recognized the lawyer .	non-entailment
The students recognized the tourists .	The tourists recognized the students .	non-entailment
The secretary believed the actor .	The actor believed the secretary .	non-entailment
The artist contacted the professors .	The professors contacted the artist .	non-entailment
The secretary saw the judge .	The judge saw the secretary .	non-entailment
The judge introduced the athletes .	The athletes introduced the judge .	non-entailment
The author contacted the student .	The student contacted the author .	non-entailment
The managers admired the tourist .	The tourist admired the managers .	non-entailment
The athletes thanked the actors .	The actors thanked the athletes .	non-entailment
The senators helped the lawyers .	The lawyers helped the senators .	non-entailment
The scientists believed the presidents .	The presidents believed the scientists .	non-entailment
The actors admired the professors .	The professors admired the actors .	non-entailment
The scientists introduced the author .	The author introduced the scientists .	non-entailment
The student helped the manager .	The manager helped the student .	non-entailment
The students introduced the professors .	The professors introduced the students .	non-entailment
The professor stopped the athletes .	The athletes stopped the professor .	non-entailment
The managers called the student .	The student called the managers .	non-entailment
The judge stopped the doctor .	The doctor stopped the judge .	non-entailment
The athletes stopped the banker .	The banker stopped the athletes .	non-entailment
The presidents called the doctor .	The doctor called the presidents .	non-entailment
The senator avoided the professors .	The professors avoided the senator .	non-entailment
The senator believed the professors .	The professors believed the senator .	non-entailment
The senator stopped the bankers .	The bankers stopped the senator .	non-entailment
The doctors mentioned the tourist .	The tourist mentioned the doctors .	non-entailment
The bankers supported the professors .	The professors supported the bankers .	non-entailment
The banker avoided the students .	The students avoided the banker .	non-entailment
The banker saw the secretaries .	The secretaries saw the banker .	non-entailment
The actor saw the doctors .	The doctors saw the actor .	non-entailment
The authors stopped the lawyers .	The lawyers stopped the authors .	non-entailment
The scientists recommended the athlete .	The athlete recommended the scientists .	non-entailment
The tourists contacted the artist .	The artist contacted the tourists .	non-entailment
The professors believed the athletes .	The athletes believed the professors .	non-entailment
The lawyer mentioned the senators .	The senators mentioned the lawyer .	non-entailment
The secretary contacted the authors .	The authors contacted the secretary .	non-entailment
The senators believed the student .	The student believed the senators .	non-entailment
The president helped the professors .	The professors helped the president .	non-entailment
The lawyer introduced the banker .	The banker introduced the lawyer .	non-entailment
The presidents avoided the manager .	The manager avoided the presidents .	non-entailment
The actors advised the managers .	The managers advised the actors .	non-entailment
The bankers saw the actor .	The actor saw the bankers .	non-entailment
The doctors contacted the athletes .	The athletes contacted the doctors .	non-entailment
The student advised the lawyers .	The lawyers advised the student .	non-entailment
The scientists believed the actor .	The actor believed the scientists .	non-entailment
The secretaries helped the president .	The president helped the secretaries .	non-entailment
The scientist introduced the artist .	The artist introduced the scientist .	non-entailment
The athlete introduced the judges .	The judges introduced the athlete .	non-entailment
The tourist encouraged the students .	The students encouraged the tourist .	non-entailment
The lawyers introduced the artist .	The artist introduced the lawyers .	non-entailment
The bankers advised the scientist .	The scientist advised the bankers .	non-entailment
The athlete supported the artist .	The artist supported the athlete .	non-entailment
The professor stopped the actors .	The actors stopped the professor .	non-entailment
The actor helped the doctors .	The doctors helped the actor .	non-entailment
The tourists called the author .	The author called the tourists .	non-entailment
The lawyer helped the president .	The president helped the lawyer .	non-entailment
The managers introduced the professors .	The professors introduced the managers .	non-entailment
The secretary contacted the athletes .	The athletes contacted the secretary .	non-entailment
The author helped the bankers .	The bankers helped the author .	non-entailment
The actors saw the athletes .	The athletes saw the actors .	non-entailment
The professors encouraged the students .	The students encouraged the professors .	non-entailment
The actors introduced the banker .	The banker introduced the actors .	non-entailment
The artists recognized the manager .	The manager recognized the artists .	non-entailment
The actors mentioned the students .	The students mentioned the actors .	non-entailment
The actors believed the tourist .	The tourist believed the actors .	non-entailment
The lawyer helped the artist .	The artist helped the lawyer .	non-entailment
The actors recommended the tourist .	The tourist recommended the actors .	non-entailment
The secretary admired the authors .	The authors admired the secretary .	non-entailment
The artist recognized the actors .	The actors recognized the artist .	non-entailment
The scientist recommended the manager .	The manager recommended the scientist .	non-entailment
The tourist recommended the artist .	The artist recommended the tourist .	non-entailment
The senators supported the athletes .	The athletes supported the senators .	non-entailment
The artist encouraged the presidents .	The presidents encouraged the artist .	non-entailment
The students recommended the athletes .	The athletes recommended the students .	non-entailment
The author introduced the actor .	The actor introduced the author .	non-entailment
The artist saw the lawyers .	The lawyers saw the artist .	non-entailment
The secretaries introduced the student .	The student introduced the secretaries .	non-entailment
The presidents saw the manager .	The manager saw the presidents .	non-entailment
The banker mentioned the manager .	The manager mentioned the banker .	non-entailment
The judges stopped the senators .	The senators stopped the judges .	non-entailment
The senators avoided the student .	The student avoided the senators .	non-entailment
The actors helped the student .	The student helped the actors .	non-entailment
The judge believed the tourist .	The tourist believed the judge .	non-entailment
The scientist recommended the artists .	The artists recommended the scientist .	non-entailment
The secretaries supported the athlete .	The athlete supported the secretaries .	non-entailment
The artists saw the scientist .	The scientist saw the artists .	non-entailment
The tourists believed the senators .	The senators believed the tourists .	non-entailment
The managers supported the athlete .	The athlete supported the managers .	non-entailment
The lawyer avoided the senator .	The senator avoided the lawyer .	non-entailment
The presidents believed the artists .	The artists believed the presidents .	non-entailment
The presidents believed the secretary .	The secretary believed the presidents .	non-entailment
The authors admired the secretaries .	The secretaries admired the authors .	non-entailment
The senator contacted the bankers .	The bankers contacted the senator .	non-entailment
The judges helped the banker .	The banker helped the judges .	non-entailment
The scientists recommended the manager .	The manager recommended the scientists .	non-entailment
The lawyers contacted the judge .	The judge contacted the lawyers .	non-entailment
The athlete stopped the bankers .	The bankers stopped the athlete .	non-entailment
The student helped the presidents .	The presidents helped the student .	non-entailment
The lawyers admired the students .	The students admired the lawyers .	non-entailment
The authors admired the artist .	The artist admired the authors .	non-entailment
The lawyers mentioned the author .	The author mentioned the lawyers .	non-entailment
The professors contacted the lawyer .	The lawyer contacted the professors .	non-entailment
The judges introduced the secretaries .	The secretaries introduced the judges .	non-entailment
The artist saw the judge .	The judge saw the artist .	non-entailment
The lawyer supported the presidents .	The presidents supported the lawyer .	non-entailment
The author called the secretaries .	The secretaries called the author .	non-entailment
The senator saw the doctor .	The doctor saw the senator .	non-entailment
The judge called the managers .	The managers called the judge .	non-entailment
The doctor recognized the manager .	The manager recognized the doctor .	non-entailment
The lawyers called the athletes .	The athletes called the lawyers .	non-entailment
The president saw the secretary .	The secretary saw the president .	non-entailment
The manager recognized the judges .	The judges recognized the manager .	non-entailment
The senator supported the lawyers .	The lawyers supported the senator .	non-entailment
The senators admired the lawyers .	The lawyers admired the senators .	non-entailment
The senators supported the professor .	The professor supported the senators .	non-entailment
The scientists recommended the doctor .	The doctor recommended the scientists .	non-entailment
The professor recognized the managers .	The managers recognized the professor .	non-entailment
The scientist contacted the lawyer .	The lawyer contacted the scientist .	non-entailment
The doctors supported the student .	The student supported the doctors .	non-entailment
The managers thanked the secretaries .	The secretaries thanked the managers .	non-entailment
The president believed the actor .	The actor believed the president .	non-entailment
The tourists thanked the actors .	The actors thanked the tourists .	non-entailment
The managers stopped the authors .	The authors stopped the managers .	non-entailment
The students thanked the president .	The president thanked the students .	non-entailment
The president contacted the senators .	The senators contacted the president .	non-entailment
The bankers supported the athlete .	The athlete supported the bankers .	non-entailment
The manager contacted the doctors .	The doctors contacted the manager .	non-entailment
The author stopped the tourist .	The tourist stopped the author .	non-entailment
The athletes mentioned the secretaries .	The secretaries mentioned the athletes .	non-entailment
The professor avoided the artist .	The artist avoided the professor .	non-entailment
The bankers introduced the senator .	The senator introduced the bankers .	non-entailment
The actors advised the banker .	The banker advised the actors .	non-entailment
The senators mentioned the doctor .	The doctor mentioned the senators .	non-entailment
The athletes thanked the managers .	The managers thanked the athletes .	non-entailment
The tourists recommended the bankers .	The bankers recommended the tourists .	non-entailment
The professors saw the lawyers .	The lawyers saw the professors .	non-entailment
The managers stopped the banker .	The banker stopped the managers .	non-entailment
The artist introduced the professor .	The professor introduced the artist .	non-entailment
The judge introduced the secretaries .	The secretaries introduced the judge .	non-entailment
The athletes advised the doctor .	The doctor advised the athletes .	non-entailment
The students stopped the authors .	The authors stopped the students .	non-entailment
The scientist advised the professors .	The professors advised the scientist .	non-entailment
The actors contacted the athlete .	The athlete contacted the actors .	non-entailment
The lawyer recommended the tourists .	The tourists recommended the lawyer .	non-entailment
The senator avoided the doctor .	The doctor avoided the senator .	non-entailment
The president encouraged the bankers .	The bankers encouraged the president .	non-entailment
The professors encouraged the doctors .	The doctors encouraged the professors .	non-entailment
The artists supported the banker .	The banker supported the artists .	non-entailment
The doctors recognized the lawyers .	The lawyers recognized the doctors .	non-entailment
The secretaries recognized the student .	The student recognized the secretaries .	non-entailment
The professor encouraged the doctor .	The doctor encouraged the professor .	non-entailment
The professors supported the doctors .	The doctors supported the professors .	non-entailment
The tourists admired the lawyer .	The lawyer admired the tourists .	non-entailment
The lawyer recommended the student .	The student recommended the lawyer .	non-entailment
The managers contacted the authors .	The authors contacted the managers .	non-entailment
The banker recommended the lawyer .	The lawyer recommended the banker .	non-entailment
The secretary contacted the doctor .	The doctor contacted the secretary .	non-entailment
The manager supported the author .	The author supported the manager .	non-entailment
The scientists saw the actor .	The actor saw the scientists .	non-entailment
The doctors avoided the student .	The student avoided the doctors .	non-entailment
The professors mentioned the artist .	The artist mentioned the professors .	non-entailment
The tourists avoided the lawyer .	The lawyer avoided the tourists .	non-entailment
The authors recognized the secretary .	The secretary recognized the authors .	non-entailment
The scientist recognized the professors .	The professors recognized the scientist .	non-entailment
The tourist called the senator .	The senator called the tourist .	non-entailment
The senator stopped the athlete .	The athlete stopped the senator .	non-entailment
The doctor saw the president .	The president saw the doctor .	non-entailment
The presidents encouraged the managers .	The managers encouraged the presidents .	non-entailment
The senator recognized the authors .	The authors recognized the senator .	non-entailment
The manager avoided the judge .	The judge avoided the manager .	non-entailment
The presidents encouraged the athlete .	The athlete encouraged the presidents .	non-entailment
The professor saw the athlete .	The athlete saw the professor .	non-entailment
The lawyers contacted the athlete .	The athlete contacted the lawyers .	non-entailment
The tourist supported the scientists .	The scientists supported the tourist .	non-entailment
The lawyers stopped the tourists .	The tourists stopped the lawyers .	non-entailment
The lawyers avoided the doctors .	The doctors avoided the lawyers .	non-entailment
The artists believed the student .	The student believed the artists .	non-entailment
The actors avoided the banker .	The banker avoided the actors .	non-entailment
The doctor recognized the lawyer .	The lawyer recognized the doctor .	non-entailment
The actors stopped the bankers .	The bankers stopped the actors .	non-entailment
The manager helped the students .	The students helped the manager .	non-entailment
The banker introduced the professor .	The professor introduced the banker .	non-entailment
The lawyer introduced the artists .	The artists introduced the lawyer .	non-entailment
The judge admired the doctor .	The doctor admired the judge .	non-entailment
The artists advised the secretaries .	The secretaries advised the artists .	non-entailment
The scientists stopped the actor .	The actor stopped the scientists .	non-entailment
The professor encouraged the actors .	The actors encouraged the professor .	non-entailment
The presidents mentioned the tourist .	The tourist mentioned the presidents .	non-entailment
The presidents encouraged the judge .	The judge encouraged the presidents .	non-entailment
The professor believed the senators .	The senators believed the professor .	non-entailment
The athlete stopped the lawyer .	The lawyer stopped the athlete .	non-entailment
The banker thanked the students .	The students thanked the banker .	non-entailment
The senators thanked the professors .	The professors thanked the senators .	non-entailment
The doctor advised the lawyer .	The lawyer advised the doctor .	non-entailment
The athletes introduced the student .	The student introduced the athletes .	non-entailment
The senator helped the actors .	The actors helped the senator .	non-entailment
The secretaries introduced the bankers .	The bankers introduced the secretaries .	non-entailment
The actor advised the doctor .	The doctor advised the actor .	non-entailment
The president helped the lawyer .	The lawyer helped the president .	non-entailment
The secretaries thanked the banker .	The banker thanked the secretaries .	non-entailment
The artists stopped the secretary .	The secretary stopped the artists .	non-entailment
The secretaries helped the doctors .	The doctors helped the secretaries .	non-entailment
The student recommended the judges .	The judges recommended the student .	non-entailment
The banker thanked the scientists .	The scientists thanked the banker .	non-entailment
The artists supported the professor .	The professor supported the artists .	non-entailment
The actors supported the professors .	The professors supported the actors .	non-entailment
The athlete admired the tourist .	The tourist admired the athlete .	non-entailment
The athletes contacted the artist .	The artist contacted the athletes .	non-entailment
The author saw the lawyer .	The lawyer saw the author .	non-entailment
The managers supported the students .	The students supported the managers .	non-entailment
The senator stopped the author .	The author stopped the senator .	non-entailment
The president mentioned the artists .	The artists mentioned the president .	non-entailment
The managers supported the doctor .	The doctor supported the managers .	non-entailment
The doctor mentioned the senators .	The senators mentioned the doctor .	non-entailment
The author supported the managers .	The managers supported the author .	non-entailment
The doctors called the banker .	The banker called the doctors .	non-entailment
The lawyers stopped the presidents .	The presidents stopped the lawyers .	non-entailment
The tourists saw the athlete .	The athlete saw the tourists .	non-entailment
The author helped the doctor .	The doctor helped the author .	non-entailment
The judge supported the student .	The student supported the judge .	non-entailment
The bankers thanked the professors .	The professors thanked the bankers .	non-entailment
The students saw the banker .	The banker saw the students .	non-entailment
The senator helped the tourists .	The tourists helped the senator .	non-entailment
The artist stopped the managers .	The managers stopped the artist .	non-entailment
The tourists avoided the student .	The student avoided the tourists .	non-entailment
The judges contacted the scientist .	The scientist contacted the judges .	non-entailment
The scientists stopped the lawyer .	The lawyer stopped the scientists .	non-entailment
The doctor helped the president .	The president helped the doctor .	non-entailment
The doctors recommended the scientists .	The scientists recommended the doctors .	non-entailment
The professor stopped the athlete .	The athlete stopped the professor .	non-entailment
The actor advised the student .	The student advised the actor .	non-entailment
The secretaries called the lawyers .	The lawyers called the secretaries .	non-entailment
The lawyers believed the manager .	The manager believed the lawyers .	non-entailment
The scientists advised the secretaries .	The secretaries advised the scientists .	non-entailment
The artists recommended the secretaries .	The secretaries recommended the artists .	non-entailment
The manager called the tourists .	The tourists called the manager .	non-entailment
The doctor admired the authors .	The authors admired the doctor .	non-entailment
The tourists believed the presidents .	The presidents believed the tourists .	non-entailment
The student mentioned the judges .	The judges mentioned the student .	non-entailment
The doctor mentioned the banker .	The banker mentioned the doctor .	non-entailment
The managers contacted the presidents .	The presidents contacted the managers .	non-entailment
The lawyer helped the tourists .	The tourists helped the lawyer .	non-entailment
The actor supported the scientists .	The scientists supported the actor .	non-entailment
The tourists supported the secretary .	The secretary supported the tourists .	non-entailment
The artists admired the presidents .	The presidents admired the artists .	non-entailment
The judges saw the doctor .	The doctor saw the judges .	non-entailment
The tourist supported the president .	The president supported the tourist .	non-entailment
The authors contacted the actors .	The actors contacted the authors .	non-entailment
The artists saw the manager .	The manager saw the artists .	non-entailment
The scientists introduced the senator .	The senator introduced the scientists .	non-entailment
The actors supported the lawyer .	The lawyer supported the actors .	non-entailment
The athletes advised the scientists .	The scientists advised the athletes .	non-entailment
The athletes avoided the president .	The president avoided the athletes .	non-entailment
The doctor helped the bankers .	The bankers helped the doctor .	non-entailment
The lawyer called the professors .	The professors called the lawyer .	non-entailment
The professors contacted the bankers .	The bankers contacted the professors .	non-entailment
The tourists introduced the manager .	The manager introduced the tourists .	non-entailment
The scientist advised the banker .	The banker advised the scientist .	non-entailment
The author helped the doctors .	The doctors helped the author .	non-entailment
The athletes encouraged the artist .	The artist encouraged the athletes .	non-entailment
The president thanked the artist .	The artist thanked the president .	non-entailment
The student contacted the manager .	The manager contacted the student .	non-entailment
The scientist contacted the senators .	The senators contacted the scientist .	non-entailment
The manager supported the professors .	The professors supported the manager .	non-entailment
The student stopped the actor .	The actor stopped the student .	non-entailment
The artist recognized the presidents .	The presidents recognized the artist .	non-entailment
The student thanked the doctors .	The doctors thanked the student .	non-entailment
The senators avoided the author .	The author avoided the senators .	non-entailment
The banker introduced the athlete .	The athlete introduced the banker .	non-entailment
The scientist contacted the lawyers .	The lawyers contacted the scientist .	non-entailment
The athletes recommended the students .	The students recommended the athletes .	non-entailment
The senators helped the secretary .	The secretary helped the senators .	non-entailment
The tourists recommended the actors .	The actors recommended the tourists .	non-entailment
The athlete avoided the actors .	The actors avoided the athlete .	non-entailment
The senators believed the athlete .	The athlete believed the senators .	non-entailment
The tourist called the banker .	The banker called the tourist .	non-entailment
The student helped the scientists .	The scientists helped the student .	non-entailment
The scientists admired the professor .	The professor admired the scientists .	non-entailment
The senator avoided the lawyers .	The lawyers avoided the senator .	non-entailment
The actor admired the judge .	The judge admired the actor .	non-entailment
The judge stopped the student .	The student stopped the judge .	non-entailment
The artist mentioned the lawyer .	The lawyer mentioned the artist .	non-entailment
The author helped the manager .	The manager helped the author .	non-entailment
The secretary encouraged the banker .	The banker encouraged the secretary .	non-entailment
The secretaries avoided the doctors .	The doctors avoided the secretaries .	non-entailment
The president introduced the athlete .	The athlete introduced the president .	non-entailment
The author thanked the scientist .	The scientist thanked the author .	non-entailment
The presidents thanked the athletes .	The athletes thanked the presidents .	non-entailment
The president introduced the secretaries .	The secretaries introduced the president .	non-entailment
The secretary thanked the lawyers .	The lawyers thanked the secretary .	non-entailment
The artists admired the athlete .	The athlete admired the artists .	non-entailment
The scientists saw the senators .	The senators saw the scientists .	non-entailment
The managers called the judge .	The judge called the managers .	non-entailment
The managers mentioned the tourists .	The tourists mentioned the managers .	non-entailment
The artist avoided the lawyers .	The lawyers avoided the artist .	non-entailment
The judges saw the lawyers .	The lawyers saw the judges .	non-entailment
The secretaries thanked the scientists .	The scientists thanked the secretaries .	non-entailment
The senators thanked the doctor .	The doctor thanked the senators .	non-entailment
The senator introduced the manager .	The manager introduced the senator .	non-entailment
The doctors believed the judges .	The judges believed the doctors .	non-entailment
The artist called the authors .	The authors called the artist .	non-entailment
The tourists believed the managers .	The managers believed the tourists .	non-entailment
The students contacted the senators .	The senators contacted the students .	non-entailment
The lawyers mentioned the actors .	The actors mentioned the lawyers .	non-entailment
The scientists advised the actors .	The actors advised the scientists .	non-entailment
The doctor supported the secretaries .	The secretaries supported the doctor .	non-entailment
The tourist encouraged the president .	The president encouraged the tourist .	non-entailment
The presidents supported the tourist .	The tourist supported the presidents .	non-entailment
The secretaries introduced the judge .	The judge introduced the secretaries .	non-entailment
The athletes thanked the secretary .	The secretary thanked the athletes .	non-entailment
The presidents recommended the lawyer .	The lawyer recommended the presidents .	non-entailment
The senator recognized the author .	The author recognized the senator .	non-entailment
The lawyer saw the secretary .	The secretary saw the lawyer .	non-entailment
The judges thanked the actor .	The actor thanked the judges .	non-entailment
The artists believed the actors .	The actors believed the artists .	non-entailment
The senators mentioned the banker .	The banker mentioned the senators .	non-entailment
The judge recognized the managers .	The managers recognized the judge .	non-entailment
The lawyer stopped the presidents .	The presidents stopped the lawyer .	non-entailment
The scientist believed the professors .	The professors believed the scientist .	non-entailment
The bankers recognized the secretaries .	The secretaries recognized the bankers .	non-entailment
The doctors introduced the managers .	The managers introduced the doctors .	non-entailment
The tourist contacted the secretaries .	The secretaries contacted the tourist .	non-entailment
The actor helped the student .	The student helped the actor .	non-entailment
The secretary called the authors .	The authors called the secretary .	non-entailment
The secretaries introduced the tourist .	The tourist introduced the secretaries .	non-entailment
The lawyers avoided the professor .	The professor avoided the lawyers .	non-entailment
The lawyer called the banker .	The banker called the lawyer .	non-entailment
The judge avoided the actors .	The actors avoided the judge .	non-entailment
The senators encouraged the lawyers .	The lawyers encouraged the senators .	non-entailment
The student saw the bankers .	The bankers saw the student .	non-entailment
The student avoided the doctors .	The doctors avoided the student .	non-entailment
The secretary supported the judges .	The judges supported the secretary .	non-entailment
The senator mentioned the banker .	The banker mentioned the senator .	non-entailment
The author recommended the lawyer .	The lawyer recommended the author .	non-entailment
The professors contacted the doctor .	The doctor contacted the professors .	non-entailment
The presidents believed the doctor .	The doctor believed the presidents .	non-entailment
The secretaries admired the author .	The author admired the secretaries .	non-entailment
The lawyer admired the bankers .	The bankers admired the lawyer .	non-entailment
The judge encouraged the banker .	The banker encouraged the judge .	non-entailment
The professor called the managers .	The managers called the professor .	non-entailment
The senator saw the artists .	The artists saw the senator .	non-entailment
The presidents saw the student .	The student saw the presidents .	non-entailment
The actors encouraged the senators .	The senators encouraged the actors .	non-entailment
The senator admired the scientists .	The scientists admired the senator .	non-entailment
The tourists thanked the author .	The author thanked the tourists .	non-entailment
The presidents admired the student .	The student admired the presidents .	non-entailment
The athlete helped the secretaries .	The secretaries helped the athlete .	non-entailment
The presidents thanked the scientists .	The scientists thanked the presidents .	non-entailment
The senator believed the tourists .	The tourists believed the senator .	non-entailment
The senators believed the secretaries .	The secretaries believed the senators .	non-entailment
The doctor contacted the athlete .	The athlete contacted the doctor .	non-entailment
The actor encouraged the tourist .	The tourist encouraged the actor .	non-entailment
The students supported the professor .	The professor supported the students .	non-entailment
The presidents advised the athletes .	The athletes advised the presidents .	non-entailment
The tourists encouraged the author .	The author encouraged the tourists .	non-entailment
The presidents believed the managers .	The managers believed the presidents .	non-entailment
The senator recognized the athlete .	The athlete recognized the senator .	non-entailment
The senators mentioned the managers .	The managers mentioned the senators .	non-entailment
The artists admired the managers .	The managers admired the artists .	non-entailment
The tourists recognized the judge .	The judge recognized the tourists .	non-entailment
The secretary saw the author .	The author saw the secretary .	non-entailment
The author mentioned the presidents .	The presidents mentioned the author .	non-entailment
The secretary mentioned the presidents .	The presidents mentioned the secretary .	non-entailment
The manager believed the actor .	The actor believed the manager .	non-entailment
The actors believed the president .	The president believed the actors .	non-entailment
The managers avoided the senator .	The senator avoided the managers .	non-entailment
The doctor mentioned the manager .	The manager mentioned the doctor .	non-entailment
The presidents recommended the students .	The students recommended the presidents .	non-entailment
The lawyers encouraged the scientists .	The scientists encouraged the lawyers .	non-entailment
The athletes advised the tourists .	The tourists advised the athletes .	non-entailment
The scientist helped the doctor .	The doctor helped the scientist .	non-entailment
The author admired the banker .	The banker admired the author .	non-entailment
The athletes admired the president .	The president admired the athletes .	non-entailment
The student stopped the artist .	The artist stopped the student .	non-entailment
The athletes called the doctor .	The doctor called the athletes .	non-entailment
The scientists called the lawyers .	The lawyers called the scientists .	non-entailment
The student supported the manager .	The manager supported the student .	non-entailment
The tourists thanked the bankers .	The bankers thanked the tourists .	non-entailment
The senators recommended the tourists .	The tourists recommended the senators .	non-entailment
The scientists encouraged the bankers .	The bankers encouraged the scientists .	non-entailment
The president advised the authors .	The authors advised the president .	non-entailment
The secretary admired the athlete .	The athlete admired the secretary .	non-entailment
The actors supported the judge .	The judge supported the actors .	non-entailment
The judges avoided the artists .	The artists avoided the judges .	non-entailment
The doctor mentioned the managers .	The managers mentioned the doctor .	non-entailment
The banker called the lawyer .	The lawyer called the banker .	non-entailment
The student thanked the judges .	The judges thanked the student .	non-entailment
The professor thanked the artist .	The artist thanked the professor .	non-entailment
The president believed the judges .	The judges believed the president .	non-entailment
The secretaries encouraged the artists .	The artists encouraged the secretaries .	non-entailment
The senator believed the actor .	The actor believed the senator .	non-entailment
The lawyer mentioned the professor .	The professor mentioned the lawyer .	non-entailment
The professors supported the scientists .	The scientists supported the professors .	non-entailment
The senators advised the manager .	The manager advised the senators .	non-entailment
The senators avoided the lawyers .	The lawyers avoided the senators .	non-entailment
The tourist admired the actor .	The actor admired the tourist .	non-entailment
The actor encouraged the judge .	The judge encouraged the actor .	non-entailment
The judge encouraged the senators .	The senators encouraged the judge .	non-entailment
The authors mentioned the professors .	The professors mentioned the authors .	non-entailment
The senator admired the actor .	The actor admired the senator .	non-entailment
The managers supported the student .	The student supported the managers .	non-entailment
The artist saw the athlete .	The athlete saw the artist .	non-entailment
The senators saw the student .	The student saw the senators .	non-entailment
The doctor recommended the senator .	The senator recommended the doctor .	non-entailment
The judges mentioned the tourist .	The tourist mentioned the judges .	non-entailment
The athletes thanked the presidents .	The presidents thanked the athletes .	non-entailment
The bankers mentioned the senator .	The senator mentioned the bankers .	non-entailment
The secretary recommended the athlete .	The athlete recommended the secretary .	non-entailment
The actors thanked the professor .	The professor thanked the actors .	non-entailment
The lawyers introduced the judge .	The judge introduced the lawyers .	non-entailment
The managers supported the banker .	The banker supported the managers .	non-entailment
The students recognized the president .	The president recognized the students .	non-entailment
The lawyer stopped the student .	The student stopped the lawyer .	non-entailment
The author saw the professors .	The professors saw the author .	non-entailment
The presidents stopped the professors .	The professors stopped the presidents .	non-entailment
The artist contacted the tourists .	The tourists contacted the artist .	non-entailment
The scientist recommended the banker .	The banker recommended the scientist .	non-entailment
The tourist introduced the manager .	The manager introduced the tourist .	non-entailment
The authors helped the athletes .	The athletes helped the authors .	non-entailment
The doctors advised the judge .	The judge advised the doctors .	non-entailment
The actors advised the doctors .	The doctors advised the actors .	non-entailment
The senator helped the judges .	The judges helped the senator .	non-entailment
The banker avoided the author .	The author avoided the banker .	non-entailment
The presidents recognized the secretary .	The secretary recognized the presidents .	non-entailment
The banker recognized the lawyers .	The lawyers recognized the banker .	non-entailment
The actor contacted the artists .	The artists contacted the actor .	non-entailment
The athlete recommended the actor .	The actor recommended the athlete .	non-entailment
The secretary recommended the actor .	The actor recommended the secretary .	non-entailment
The secretaries admired the lawyers .	The lawyers admired the secretaries .	non-entailment
The artists introduced the professor .	The professor introduced the artists .	non-entailment
The senators contacted the athlete .	The athlete contacted the senators .	non-entailment
The artist introduced the doctors .	The doctors introduced the artist .	non-entailment
The tourists supported the students .	The students supported the tourists .	non-entailment
The secretaries admired the manager .	The manager admired the secretaries .	non-entailment
The doctors thanked the scientists .	The scientists thanked the doctors .	non-entailment
The manager supported the athlete .	The athlete supported the manager .	non-entailment
The professor introduced the managers .	The managers introduced the professor .	non-entailment
The professor mentioned the author .	The author mentioned the professor .	non-entailment
The artists stopped the athletes .	The athletes stopped the artists .	non-entailment
The scientists stopped the doctors .	The doctors stopped the scientists .	non-entailment
The tourist mentioned the presidents .	The presidents mentioned the tourist .	non-entailment
The doctor thanked the actors .	The actors thanked the doctor .	non-entailment
The student advised the doctor .	The doctor advised the student .	non-entailment
The banker helped the tourists .	The tourists helped the banker .	non-entailment
The presidents mentioned the professors .	The professors mentioned the presidents .	non-entailment
The lawyer admired the secretaries .	The secretaries admired the lawyer .	non-entailment
The lawyers called the tourist .	The tourist called the lawyers .	non-entailment
The judge avoided the secretary .	The secretary avoided the judge .	non-entailment
The professor saw the authors .	The authors saw the professor .	non-entailment
The managers believed the judges .	The judges believed the managers .	non-entailment
The students saw the managers .	The managers saw the students .	non-entailment
The secretaries introduced the presidents .	The presidents introduced the secretaries .	non-entailment
The professor mentioned the scientists .	The scientists mentioned the professor .	non-entailment
The doctors admired the bankers .	The bankers admired the doctors .	non-entailment
The authors believed the secretary .	The secretary believed the authors .	non-entailment
The student introduced the manager .	The manager introduced the student .	non-entailment
The actors recommended the lawyer .	The lawyer recommended the actors .	non-entailment
The manager believed the scientists .	The scientists believed the manager .	non-entailment
The actors introduced the president .	The president introduced the actors .	non-entailment
The judges admired the managers .	The managers admired the judges .	non-entailment
The students saw the scientists .	The scientists saw the students .	non-entailment
The scientist believed the doctors .	The doctors believed the scientist .	non-entailment
The lawyer introduced the athlete .	The athlete introduced the lawyer .	non-entailment
The athletes admired the students .	The students admired the athletes .	non-entailment
The secretaries advised the doctors .	The doctors advised the secretaries .	non-entailment
The athlete introduced the tourists .	The tourists introduced the athlete .	non-entailment
The senator thanked the scientist .	The scientist thanked the senator .	non-entailment
The artists avoided the professor .	The professor avoided the artists .	non-entailment
The presidents thanked the lawyers .	The lawyers thanked the presidents .	non-entailment
The managers saw the senator .	The senator saw the managers .	non-entailment
The lawyer recognized the athlete .	The athlete recognized the lawyer .	non-entailment
The judges recognized the actor .	The actor recognized the judges .	non-entailment
The student advised the judges .	The judges advised the student .	non-entailment
The student recognized the artists .	The artists recognized the student .	non-entailment
The senator recognized the actor .	The actor recognized the senator .	non-entailment
The doctors introduced the student .	The student introduced the doctors .	non-entailment
The doctors stopped the scientists .	The scientists stopped the doctors .	non-entailment
The professor recognized the student .	The student recognized the professor .	non-entailment
The artists saw the judges .	The judges saw the artists .	non-entailment
The students encouraged the secretaries .	The secretaries encouraged the students .	non-entailment
The artist helped the authors .	The authors helped the artist .	non-entailment
The bankers avoided the student .	The student avoided the bankers .	non-entailment
The bankers helped the president .	The president helped the bankers .	non-entailment
The president helped the actor .	The actor helped the president .	non-entailment
The lawyers introduced the bankers .	The bankers introduced the lawyers .	non-entailment
The scientists believed the senator .	The senator believed the scientists .	non-entailment
The judge recognized the athlete .	The athlete recognized the judge .	non-entailment
The student saw the manager .	The manager saw the student .	non-entailment
The authors avoided the lawyer .	The lawyer avoided the authors .	non-entailment
The tourist avoided the actor .	The actor avoided the tourist .	non-entailment
The students stopped the author .	The author stopped the students .	non-entailment
The judge advised the scientist .	The scientist advised the judge .	non-entailment
The artist thanked the presidents .	The presidents thanked the artist .	non-entailment
The professors saw the judges .	The judges saw the professors .	non-entailment
The artists stopped the students .	The students stopped the artists .	non-entailment
The authors saw the president .	The president saw the authors .	non-entailment
The lawyer advised the tourist .	The tourist advised the lawyer .	non-entailment
The presidents saw the managers .	The managers saw the presidents .	non-entailment
The lawyers called the bankers .	The bankers called the lawyers .	non-entailment
The authors recommended the senators .	The senators recommended the authors .	non-entailment
The doctors supported the athletes .	The athletes supported the doctors .	non-entailment
The tourist called the scientist .	The scientist called the tourist .	non-entailment
The artist called the scientists .	The scientists called the artist .	non-entailment
The senators recommended the president .	The president recommended the senators .	non-entailment
The scientist mentioned the senators .	The senators mentioned the scientist .	non-entailment
The manager believed the doctors .	The doctors believed the manager .	non-entailment
The tourists called the judges .	The judges called the tourists .	non-entailment
The secretaries encouraged the professor .	The professor encouraged the secretaries .	non-entailment
The actor introduced the senators .	The senators introduced the actor .	non-entailment
The judges recognized the scientist .	The scientist recognized the judges .	non-entailment
The athlete believed the students .	The students believed the athlete .	non-entailment
The artists helped the author .	The author helped the artists .	non-entailment
The student mentioned the authors .	The authors mentioned the student .	non-entailment
The presidents advised the judges .	The judges advised the presidents .	non-entailment
The athletes encouraged the banker .	The banker encouraged the athletes .	non-entailment
The artist saw the judges .	The judges saw the artist .	non-entailment
The actors advised the professors .	The professors advised the actors .	non-entailment
The author recommended the secretaries .	The secretaries recommended the author .	non-entailment
The secretary recognized the senators .	The senators recognized the secretary .	non-entailment
The authors encouraged the manager .	The manager encouraged the authors .	non-entailment
The senator believed the artist .	The artist believed the senator .	non-entailment
The lawyers avoided the presidents .	The presidents avoided the lawyers .	non-entailment
The author admired the scientists .	The scientists admired the author .	non-entailment
The secretary admired the student .	The student admired the secretary .	non-entailment
The student advised the lawyer .	The lawyer advised the student .	non-entailment
The artist called the secretaries .	The secretaries called the artist .	non-entailment
The professor stopped the tourists .	The tourists stopped the professor .	non-entailment
The athletes mentioned the senators .	The senators mentioned the athletes .	non-entailment
The doctors thanked the secretaries .	The secretaries thanked the doctors .	non-entailment
The managers admired the lawyers .	The lawyers admired the managers .	non-entailment
The senator admired the tourists .	The tourists admired the senator .	non-entailment
The doctors avoided the secretaries .	The secretaries avoided the doctors .	non-entailment
The doctors encouraged the authors .	The authors encouraged the doctors .	non-entailment
The judge called the manager .	The manager called the judge .	non-entailment
The banker thanked the professor .	The professor thanked the banker .	non-entailment
The author supported the scientist .	The scientist supported the author .	non-entailment
The artist avoided the senator .	The senator avoided the artist .	non-entailment
The tourist saw the actor .	The actor saw the tourist .	non-entailment
The athlete mentioned the secretary .	The secretary mentioned the athlete .	non-entailment
The doctors helped the students .	The students helped the doctors .	non-entailment
The student introduced the judge .	The judge introduced the student .	non-entailment
The student advised the presidents .	The presidents advised the student .	non-entailment
The doctor advised the secretary .	The secretary advised the doctor .	non-entailment
The professor helped the manager .	The manager helped the professor .	non-entailment
The lawyer believed the scientists .	The scientists believed the lawyer .	non-entailment
The banker stopped the secretary .	The secretary stopped the banker .	non-entailment
The tourist mentioned the secretary .	The secretary mentioned the tourist .	non-entailment
The lawyers recommended the tourist .	The tourist recommended the lawyers .	non-entailment
The tourists recommended the banker .	The banker recommended the tourists .	non-entailment
The artists contacted the bankers .	The bankers contacted the artists .	non-entailment
The managers supported the president .	The president supported the managers .	non-entailment
The judge thanked the professors .	The professors thanked the judge .	non-entailment
The secretary admired the president .	The president admired the secretary .	non-entailment
The actor recommended the athlete .	The athlete recommended the actor .	non-entailment
The student advised the actors .	The actors advised the student .	non-entailment
The banker encouraged the athlete .	The athlete encouraged the banker .	non-entailment
The judges thanked the secretary .	The secretary thanked the judges .	non-entailment
The authors stopped the artists .	The artists stopped the authors .	non-entailment
The secretary supported the author .	The author supported the secretary .	non-entailment
The student introduced the author .	The author introduced the student .	non-entailment
The scientist advised the bankers .	The bankers advised the scientist .	non-entailment
The senator recognized the lawyer .	The lawyer recognized the senator .	non-entailment
The senator thanked the author .	The author thanked the senator .	non-entailment
The professors saw the banker .	The banker saw the professors .	non-entailment
The actor believed the tourists .	The tourists believed the actor .	non-entailment
The authors introduced the president .	The president introduced the authors .	non-entailment
The scientist admired the banker .	The banker admired the scientist .	non-entailment
The judge admired the lawyer .	The lawyer admired the judge .	non-entailment
The secretary encouraged the artist .	The artist encouraged the secretary .	non-entailment
The actors recognized the senator .	The senator recognized the actors .	non-entailment
The student admired the secretary .	The secretary admired the student .	non-entailment
The judges saw the scientists .	The scientists saw the judges .	non-entailment
The judge contacted the bankers .	The bankers contacted the judge .	non-entailment
The actors supported the doctor .	The doctor supported the actors .	non-entailment
The artist thanked the manager .	The manager thanked the artist .	non-entailment
The athletes believed the managers .	The managers believed the athletes .	non-entailment
The bankers mentioned the athletes .	The athletes mentioned the bankers .	non-entailment
The actor recommended the presidents .	The presidents recommended the actor .	non-entailment
The scientists admired the presidents .	The presidents admired the scientists .	non-entailment
The athletes called the senators .	The senators called the athletes .	non-entailment
The tourist admired the senators .	The senators admired the tourist .	non-entailment
The tourist avoided the presidents .	The presidents avoided the tourist .	non-entailment
The judge avoided the president .	The president avoided the judge .	non-entailment
The athlete recognized the president .	The president recognized the athlete .	non-entailment
The tourist called the students .	The students called the tourist .	non-entailment
The secretaries supported the president .	The president supported the secretaries .	non-entailment
The students recommended the author .	The author recommended the students .	non-entailment
The senator avoided the president .	The president avoided the senator .	non-entailment
The scientist admired the managers .	The managers admired the scientist .	non-entailment
The professor recommended the doctors .	The doctors recommended the professor .	non-entailment
The secretary recognized the athlete .	The athlete recognized the secretary .	non-entailment
The scientists stopped the manager .	The manager stopped the scientists .	non-entailment
The president recognized the student .	The student recognized the president .	non-entailment
The actor introduced the artist .	The artist introduced the actor .	non-entailment
The artist helped the tourists .	The tourists helped the artist .	non-entailment
The professor saw the lawyers .	The lawyers saw the professor .	non-entailment
The student advised the senators .	The senators advised the student .	non-entailment
The student thanked the senator .	The senator thanked the student .	non-entailment
The secretaries saw the author .	The author saw the secretaries .	non-entailment
The actor recognized the bankers .	The bankers recognized the actor .	non-entailment
The judge advised the banker .	The banker advised the judge .	non-entailment
The athlete recommended the secretary .	The secretary recommended the athlete .	non-entailment
The senator avoided the student .	The student avoided the senator .	non-entailment
The banker introduced the student .	The student introduced the banker .	non-entailment
The scientists admired the judges .	The judges admired the scientists .	non-entailment
The presidents admired the athletes .	The athletes admired the presidents .	non-entailment
The managers thanked the tourists .	The tourists thanked the managers .	non-entailment
The doctor admired the artists .	The artists admired the doctor .	non-entailment
The banker supported the tourists .	The tourists supported the banker .	non-entailment
The authors admired the scientists .	The scientists admired the authors .	non-entailment
The students mentioned the banker .	The banker mentioned the students .	non-entailment
The secretaries saw the lawyer .	The lawyer saw the secretaries .	non-entailment
The author admired the manager .	The manager admired the author .	non-entailment
The athletes recognized the students .	The students recognized the athletes .	non-entailment
The bankers contacted the students .	The students contacted the bankers .	non-entailment
The presidents avoided the secretary .	The secretary avoided the presidents .	non-entailment
The athletes stopped the senators .	The senators stopped the athletes .	non-entailment
The president helped the doctor .	The doctor helped the president .	non-entailment
The authors believed the tourist .	The tourist believed the authors .	non-entailment
The athletes encouraged the tourists .	The tourists encouraged the athletes .	non-entailment
The presidents stopped the senators .	The senators stopped the presidents .	non-entailment
The managers stopped the doctors .	The doctors stopped the managers .	non-entailment
The professor stopped the artist .	The artist stopped the professor .	non-entailment
The manager admired the athletes .	The athletes admired the manager .	non-entailment
The managers recognized the author .	The author recognized the managers .	non-entailment
The doctors encouraged the actors .	The actors encouraged the doctors .	non-entailment
The author admired the presidents .	The presidents admired the author .	non-entailment
The secretary recommended the author .	The author recommended the secretary .	non-entailment
The judges contacted the tourists .	The tourists contacted the judges .	non-entailment
The artists encouraged the secretaries .	The secretaries encouraged the artists .	non-entailment
The doctor helped the students .	The students helped the doctor .	non-entailment
The artists contacted the scientists .	The scientists contacted the artists .	non-entailment
The judges recommended the scientists .	The scientists recommended the judges .	non-entailment
The judge thanked the athlete .	The athlete thanked the judge .	non-entailment
The presidents recommended the professors .	The professors recommended the presidents .	non-entailment
The scientist recognized the author .	The author recognized the scientist .	non-entailment
The artists mentioned the senator .	The senator mentioned the artists .	non-entailment
The athlete called the tourists .	The tourists called the athlete .	non-entailment
The author helped the scientist .	The scientist helped the author .	non-entailment
The president recommended the managers .	The managers recommended the president .	non-entailment
The senator encouraged the scientists .	The scientists encouraged the senator .	non-entailment
The athletes helped the actor .	The actor helped the athletes .	non-entailment
The scientists advised the secretary .	The secretary advised the scientists .	non-entailment
The actor avoided the managers .	The managers avoided the actor .	non-entailment
The doctors introduced the artist .	The artist introduced the doctors .	non-entailment
The senators helped the authors .	The authors helped the senators .	non-entailment
The author supported the doctors .	The doctors supported the author .	non-entailment
The secretaries supported the scientists .	The scientists supported the secretaries .	non-entailment
The athlete contacted the senators .	The senators contacted the athlete .	non-entailment
The authors advised the athletes .	The athletes advised the authors .	non-entailment
The banker advised the manager .	The manager advised the banker .	non-entailment
The doctors believed the lawyers .	The lawyers believed the doctors .	non-entailment
The author mentioned the athletes .	The athletes mentioned the author .	non-entailment
The banker saw the actors .	The actors saw the banker .	non-entailment
The judge called the scientist .	The scientist called the judge .	non-entailment
The author introduced the professors .	The professors introduced the author .	non-entailment
The students mentioned the presidents .	The presidents mentioned the students .	non-entailment
The doctor saw the authors .	The authors saw the doctor .	non-entailment
The professors supported the actor .	The actor supported the professors .	non-entailment
The authors saw the presidents .	The presidents saw the authors .	non-entailment
The scientist advised the doctor .	The doctor advised the scientist .	non-entailment
The secretaries stopped the student .	The student stopped the secretaries .	non-entailment
The doctor thanked the lawyer .	The lawyer thanked the doctor .	non-entailment
The judge called the tourist .	The tourist called the judge .	non-entailment
The tourists stopped the banker .	The banker stopped the tourists .	non-entailment
The president encouraged the doctor .	The doctor encouraged the president .	non-entailment
The lawyer recommended the athlete .	The athlete recommended the lawyer .	non-entailment
The manager introduced the tourists .	The tourists introduced the manager .	non-entailment
The professors supported the tourists in front of the secretary .	The tourists supported the professors .	non-entailment
The senators supported the secretary in front of the doctor .	The doctor supported the senators .	non-entailment
The judges admired the senator behind the professor .	The senator admired the judges .	non-entailment
The professor supported the manager in front of the banker .	The banker supported the professor .	non-entailment
The judge in front of the manager saw the doctors .	The doctors saw the judge .	non-entailment
The president next to the professor stopped the doctor .	The professor stopped the president .	non-entailment
The judges by the tourists called the artists .	The artists called the judges .	non-entailment
The students by the judge helped the president .	The judge helped the students .	non-entailment
The scientists helped the senator behind the judge .	The judge helped the scientists .	non-entailment
The secretaries next to the lawyer advised the scientist .	The scientist advised the lawyer .	non-entailment
The senators behind the lawyer contacted the student .	The student contacted the senators .	non-entailment
The senators in front of the presidents introduced the athletes .	The presidents introduced the senators .	non-entailment
The judges helped the athletes near the president .	The athletes helped the president .	non-entailment
The author believed the lawyer next to the bankers .	The bankers believed the author .	non-entailment
The senator supported the artist near the presidents .	The artist supported the senator .	non-entailment
The secretary near the student supported the tourists .	The tourists supported the secretary .	non-entailment
The actors introduced the scientist by the senator .	The senator introduced the actors .	non-entailment
The presidents called the secretaries by the managers .	The managers called the presidents .	non-entailment
The judge by the manager contacted the senator .	The senator contacted the manager .	non-entailment
The bankers stopped the judge near the doctors .	The doctors stopped the bankers .	non-entailment
The authors introduced the lawyer near the judges .	The lawyer introduced the authors .	non-entailment
The senator avoided the bankers by the scientist .	The bankers avoided the scientist .	non-entailment
The presidents avoided the managers by the actor .	The managers avoided the actor .	non-entailment
The judges behind the managers stopped the actor .	The managers stopped the judges .	non-entailment
The students near the scientists saw the artists .	The scientists saw the students .	non-entailment
The tourist contacted the banker behind the students .	The banker contacted the students .	non-entailment
The lawyers behind the senator admired the doctor .	The doctor admired the senator .	non-entailment
The managers mentioned the judges next to the tourist .	The tourist mentioned the managers .	non-entailment
The judge behind the presidents mentioned the artists .	The artists mentioned the presidents .	non-entailment
The judges behind the lawyers called the actor .	The actor called the lawyers .	non-entailment
The tourist next to the lawyer stopped the professors .	The lawyer stopped the tourist .	non-entailment
The athlete in front of the judges mentioned the student .	The judges mentioned the athlete .	non-entailment
The judge advised the professor in front of the scientist .	The scientist advised the judge .	non-entailment
The senators recognized the managers near the doctors .	The managers recognized the senators .	non-entailment
The author avoided the athletes next to the professor .	The professor avoided the author .	non-entailment
The lawyers mentioned the doctors near the actor .	The doctors mentioned the lawyers .	non-entailment
The senators saw the artist near the judge .	The artist saw the senators .	non-entailment
The tourists helped the judge near the students .	The judge helped the tourists .	non-entailment
The presidents stopped the student by the professors .	The student stopped the presidents .	non-entailment
The senator by the banker encouraged the author .	The author encouraged the banker .	non-entailment
The bankers recommended the actors by the presidents .	The presidents recommended the bankers .	non-entailment
The lawyers in front of the judge avoided the tourists .	The tourists avoided the lawyers .	non-entailment
The artists next to the lawyers supported the student .	The lawyers supported the artists .	non-entailment
The artists avoided the students near the presidents .	The students avoided the presidents .	non-entailment
The scientist behind the athletes called the lawyer .	The lawyer called the athletes .	non-entailment
The actor recommended the lawyer near the tourists .	The tourists recommended the actor .	non-entailment
The scientist contacted the artists next to the managers .	The managers contacted the scientist .	non-entailment
The professors encouraged the manager by the lawyers .	The manager encouraged the professors .	non-entailment
The secretaries by the senator contacted the athletes .	The senator contacted the secretaries .	non-entailment
The students next to the manager believed the presidents .	The presidents believed the students .	non-entailment
The secretary in front of the athlete stopped the professor .	The professor stopped the secretary .	non-entailment
The secretary believed the athletes by the students .	The athletes believed the secretary .	non-entailment
The student encouraged the scientists by the tourists .	The scientists encouraged the student .	non-entailment
The banker believed the artists behind the authors .	The artists believed the banker .	non-entailment
The tourists behind the actors believed the judges .	The judges believed the actors .	non-entailment
The doctor recognized the senators by the artist .	The senators recognized the artist .	non-entailment
The judge by the athletes believed the lawyers .	The lawyers believed the judge .	non-entailment
The artist encouraged the professors next to the judge .	The professors encouraged the judge .	non-entailment
The managers behind the student recommended the author .	The author recommended the managers .	non-entailment
The judges saw the senators behind the artist .	The artist saw the judges .	non-entailment
The presidents behind the doctors supported the actors .	The actors supported the presidents .	non-entailment
The lawyer by the professors believed the secretary .	The professors believed the lawyer .	non-entailment
The presidents next to the secretary called the scientist .	The secretary called the presidents .	non-entailment
The authors behind the presidents believed the actor .	The presidents believed the authors .	non-entailment
The student introduced the actors behind the presidents .	The presidents introduced the student .	non-entailment
The professor encouraged the senators next to the manager .	The manager encouraged the professor .	non-entailment
The author called the manager next to the doctors .	The manager called the author .	non-entailment
The scientists recommended the banker near the tourist .	The banker recommended the scientists .	non-entailment
The secretaries introduced the manager near the tourists .	The tourists introduced the secretaries .	non-entailment
The doctor helped the professor near the actors .	The professor helped the doctor .	non-entailment
The authors by the senators advised the presidents .	The presidents advised the authors .	non-entailment
The lawyer introduced the athlete in front of the judge .	The judge introduced the lawyer .	non-entailment
The author advised the athlete next to the managers .	The athlete advised the managers .	non-entailment
The judge admired the actors next to the doctor .	The doctor admired the judge .	non-entailment
The senators next to the author contacted the professor .	The professor contacted the author .	non-entailment
The president saw the secretary behind the professors .	The secretary saw the president .	non-entailment
The tourists next to the secretaries supported the artist .	The artist supported the secretaries .	non-entailment
The students recommended the secretary behind the scientist .	The secretary recommended the students .	non-entailment
The students introduced the managers next to the lawyer .	The lawyer introduced the students .	non-entailment
The managers next to the president introduced the secretaries .	The president introduced the managers .	non-entailment
The banker recommended the judge by the presidents .	The judge recommended the presidents .	non-entailment
The students stopped the actors next to the professors .	The actors stopped the students .	non-entailment
The lawyers next to the doctors helped the secretary .	The secretary helped the lawyers .	non-entailment
The senators next to the lawyer stopped the president .	The lawyer stopped the senators .	non-entailment
The athletes helped the students next to the tourists .	The students helped the tourists .	non-entailment
The lawyer encouraged the president near the judges .	The president encouraged the lawyer .	non-entailment
The athlete behind the doctors supported the presidents .	The presidents supported the doctors .	non-entailment
The actor behind the athletes encouraged the professors .	The professors encouraged the athletes .	non-entailment
The tourists near the senator mentioned the managers .	The managers mentioned the tourists .	non-entailment
The athletes next to the secretaries introduced the presidents .	The presidents introduced the athletes .	non-entailment
The authors recognized the tourist next to the secretary .	The secretary recognized the authors .	non-entailment
The presidents introduced the judge in front of the doctors .	The judge introduced the doctors .	non-entailment
The students next to the scientist supported the tourist .	The scientist supported the students .	non-entailment
The professors called the bankers next to the student .	The bankers called the professors .	non-entailment
The artist stopped the actors behind the doctor .	The doctor stopped the artist .	non-entailment
The authors next to the scientist thanked the artist .	The artist thanked the scientist .	non-entailment
The artist supported the author by the doctor .	The author supported the doctor .	non-entailment
The authors avoided the doctors next to the professors .	The doctors avoided the professors .	non-entailment
The president saw the artist behind the secretary .	The secretary saw the president .	non-entailment
The managers next to the presidents encouraged the tourists .	The tourists encouraged the presidents .	non-entailment
The athletes in front of the senators mentioned the actors .	The actors mentioned the senators .	non-entailment
The actors saw the lawyer next to the scientist .	The lawyer saw the scientist .	non-entailment
The banker in front of the managers recognized the lawyer .	The lawyer recognized the managers .	non-entailment
The secretary contacted the judges next to the artists .	The artists contacted the secretary .	non-entailment
The senators next to the doctors stopped the banker .	The banker stopped the doctors .	non-entailment
The professor near the lawyers avoided the secretary .	The lawyers avoided the professor .	non-entailment
The authors behind the banker encouraged the students .	The banker encouraged the authors .	non-entailment
The senators in front of the professor saw the secretary .	The secretary saw the senators .	non-entailment
The secretaries by the professors believed the author .	The professors believed the secretaries .	non-entailment
The artists saw the scientists in front of the manager .	The scientists saw the manager .	non-entailment
The secretaries avoided the actors in front of the president .	The actors avoided the president .	non-entailment
The scientist next to the senators recognized the actors .	The actors recognized the scientist .	non-entailment
The judge behind the lawyers avoided the scientists .	The lawyers avoided the judge .	non-entailment
The scientists supported the student next to the artists .	The student supported the artists .	non-entailment
The artist near the tourists helped the secretaries .	The tourists helped the artist .	non-entailment
The professor avoided the presidents next to the senators .	The presidents avoided the professor .	non-entailment
The students in front of the professors advised the banker .	The banker advised the students .	non-entailment
The student near the bankers avoided the artist .	The artist avoided the bankers .	non-entailment
The athletes mentioned the actors in front of the artist .	The actors mentioned the athletes .	non-entailment
The judge near the senators encouraged the athlete .	The athlete encouraged the judge .	non-entailment
The secretaries advised the artist in front of the author .	The artist advised the secretaries .	non-entailment
The professors by the senators mentioned the manager .	The senators mentioned the professors .	non-entailment
The professors believed the artists near the tourist .	The tourist believed the professors .	non-entailment
The doctors near the professor recommended the author .	The author recommended the professor .	non-entailment
The artists next to the lawyers called the secretary .	The lawyers called the artists .	non-entailment
The judges next to the lawyers avoided the bankers .	The bankers avoided the judges .	non-entailment
The senators encouraged the athletes behind the manager .	The athletes encouraged the manager .	non-entailment
The managers next to the secretaries helped the artist .	The artist helped the managers .	non-entailment
The author thanked the doctor behind the tourists .	The tourists thanked the author .	non-entailment
The artist encouraged the judge by the banker .	The judge encouraged the banker .	non-entailment
The lawyers next to the authors advised the actor .	The actor advised the lawyers .	non-entailment
The lawyer stopped the artists behind the presidents .	The presidents stopped the lawyer .	non-entailment
The professor admired the judge in front of the secretaries .	The judge admired the professor .	non-entailment
The scientist believed the senator in front of the manager .	The manager believed the scientist .	non-entailment
The judges near the professors recommended the bankers .	The bankers recommended the judges .	non-entailment
The tourist called the banker next to the judges .	The banker called the judges .	non-entailment
The authors stopped the secretaries next to the lawyer .	The lawyer stopped the authors .	non-entailment
The president stopped the manager next to the scientists .	The scientists stopped the president .	non-entailment
The senators advised the professors behind the doctors .	The doctors advised the senators .	non-entailment
The professor behind the president thanked the students .	The president thanked the professor .	non-entailment
The bankers contacted the tourists behind the president .	The tourists contacted the bankers .	non-entailment
The lawyers mentioned the secretary by the student .	The secretary mentioned the lawyers .	non-entailment
The students encouraged the lawyers near the senators .	The lawyers encouraged the senators .	non-entailment
The athlete in front of the doctor believed the professor .	The doctor believed the athlete .	non-entailment
The tourists thanked the students by the authors .	The students thanked the authors .	non-entailment
The tourist in front of the president contacted the students .	The president contacted the tourist .	non-entailment
The artist by the authors advised the professor .	The professor advised the authors .	non-entailment
The lawyer next to the doctor contacted the managers .	The doctor contacted the lawyer .	non-entailment
The senator recommended the judge in front of the author .	The author recommended the senator .	non-entailment
The manager behind the judge supported the banker .	The judge supported the manager .	non-entailment
The secretaries by the professor stopped the scientist .	The scientist stopped the professor .	non-entailment
The president recognized the tourists behind the artist .	The tourists recognized the artist .	non-entailment
The authors contacted the secretary near the athlete .	The secretary contacted the athlete .	non-entailment
The authors supported the judges behind the doctor .	The judges supported the doctor .	non-entailment
The artists by the presidents recommended the judges .	The judges recommended the artists .	non-entailment
The students in front of the professor avoided the lawyers .	The professor avoided the students .	non-entailment
The senators in front of the lawyers avoided the athlete .	The lawyers avoided the senators .	non-entailment
The managers recognized the lawyer behind the secretary .	The lawyer recognized the managers .	non-entailment
The actor called the student in front of the tourist .	The student called the tourist .	non-entailment
The lawyers introduced the scientists in front of the author .	The scientists introduced the author .	non-entailment
The student helped the judge near the secretary .	The secretary helped the student .	non-entailment
The managers recommended the doctor near the presidents .	The doctor recommended the presidents .	non-entailment
The professor in front of the managers helped the actor .	The actor helped the professor .	non-entailment
The author by the presidents recognized the banker .	The presidents recognized the author .	non-entailment
The banker avoided the lawyer by the actor .	The actor avoided the banker .	non-entailment
The authors in front of the managers advised the secretaries .	The secretaries advised the managers .	non-entailment
The lawyer behind the bankers recommended the professors .	The professors recommended the lawyer .	non-entailment
The lawyers stopped the student in front of the tourists .	The student stopped the lawyers .	non-entailment
The actor by the judges called the scientists .	The scientists called the actor .	non-entailment
The actor admired the bankers near the doctors .	The bankers admired the doctors .	non-entailment
The athlete introduced the lawyer by the presidents .	The lawyer introduced the athlete .	non-entailment
The doctor admired the lawyer by the judges .	The lawyer admired the doctor .	non-entailment
The senators thanked the president in front of the tourist .	The president thanked the senators .	non-entailment
The scientists by the student admired the doctors .	The student admired the scientists .	non-entailment
The professor introduced the artist by the student .	The artist introduced the professor .	non-entailment
The students behind the lawyer advised the authors .	The authors advised the lawyer .	non-entailment
The athlete near the artist mentioned the secretary .	The artist mentioned the athlete .	non-entailment
The tourist stopped the judge near the presidents .	The judge stopped the presidents .	non-entailment
The doctor advised the lawyers by the senator .	The senator advised the doctor .	non-entailment
The judges behind the lawyers thanked the scientists .	The scientists thanked the lawyers .	non-entailment
The athlete by the secretary recognized the actors .	The secretary recognized the athlete .	non-entailment
The doctor behind the actor stopped the author .	The actor stopped the doctor .	non-entailment
The professor mentioned the doctors behind the judge .	The judge mentioned the professor .	non-entailment
The judges by the president called the secretary .	The secretary called the president .	non-entailment
The athletes next to the scientist introduced the authors .	The authors introduced the scientist .	non-entailment
The bankers called the lawyers in front of the tourists .	The tourists called the bankers .	non-entailment
The students contacted the artists near the tourist .	The artists contacted the tourist .	non-entailment
The judges recommended the actors in front of the students .	The actors recommended the judges .	non-entailment
The managers near the actor introduced the scientists .	The actor introduced the managers .	non-entailment
The presidents by the athletes mentioned the scientists .	The scientists mentioned the presidents .	non-entailment
The artist introduced the lawyer next to the scientists .	The scientists introduced the artist .	non-entailment
The judge introduced the author in front of the secretary .	The secretary introduced the judge .	non-entailment
The doctors in front of the senator recommended the student .	The student recommended the senator .	non-entailment
The doctors next to the judge avoided the managers .	The managers avoided the doctors .	non-entailment
The student near the managers contacted the lawyers .	The lawyers contacted the managers .	non-entailment
The students thanked the doctor in front of the manager .	The doctor thanked the students .	non-entailment
The secretary saw the tourist by the judge .	The judge saw the secretary .	non-entailment
The artist called the scientist near the athletes .	The athletes called the artist .	non-entailment
The president by the banker recommended the actors .	The actors recommended the banker .	non-entailment
The banker next to the doctor introduced the scientists .	The scientists introduced the doctor .	non-entailment
The athlete by the professors advised the bankers .	The bankers advised the athlete .	non-entailment
The managers next to the secretary encouraged the judges .	The judges encouraged the secretary .	non-entailment
The scientist by the judges admired the lawyers .	The judges admired the scientist .	non-entailment
The artist stopped the manager next to the professors .	The manager stopped the professors .	non-entailment
The secretaries near the scientist stopped the author .	The scientist stopped the secretaries .	non-entailment
The athletes supported the doctor by the actor .	The actor supported the athletes .	non-entailment
The author in front of the lawyer avoided the banker .	The banker avoided the author .	non-entailment
The presidents saw the authors behind the senators .	The senators saw the presidents .	non-entailment
The actors behind the doctors stopped the authors .	The doctors stopped the actors .	non-entailment
The manager believed the secretaries near the actors .	The secretaries believed the manager .	non-entailment
The tourists in front of the author saw the professors .	The professors saw the author .	non-entailment
The athletes near the scientist believed the secretaries .	The scientist believed the athletes .	non-entailment
The student helped the presidents behind the athlete .	The presidents helped the athlete .	non-entailment
The bankers believed the scientists behind the senators .	The scientists believed the bankers .	non-entailment
The doctor next to the bankers introduced the actor .	The actor introduced the bankers .	non-entailment
The authors next to the tourist supported the actor .	The tourist supported the authors .	non-entailment
The managers in front of the lawyer recognized the judge .	The judge recognized the lawyer .	non-entailment
The student next to the professors supported the senator .	The professors supported the student .	non-entailment
The bankers admired the judge by the tourists .	The tourists admired the bankers .	non-entailment
The authors saw the actor next to the judge .	The actor saw the authors .	non-entailment
The judges contacted the tourists behind the doctor .	The tourists contacted the judges .	non-entailment
The judge near the scientists thanked the actor .	The actor thanked the scientists .	non-entailment
The actor near the judges mentioned the presidents .	The presidents mentioned the actor .	non-entailment
The tourist near the secretaries introduced the president .	The president introduced the tourist .	non-entailment
The student next to the banker introduced the authors .	The authors introduced the banker .	non-entailment
The athletes advised the doctors in front of the author .	The doctors advised the author .	non-entailment
The banker avoided the professors by the athlete .	The professors avoided the banker .	non-entailment
The athletes helped the lawyer near the actor .	The actor helped the athletes .	non-entailment
The actors called the tourists near the president .	The tourists called the president .	non-entailment
The lawyers encouraged the manager next to the tourists .	The tourists encouraged the lawyers .	non-entailment
The banker behind the tourists saw the scientists .	The scientists saw the banker .	non-entailment
The actors next to the professors recognized the scientist .	The professors recognized the actors .	non-entailment
The managers avoided the banker next to the scientist .	The banker avoided the managers .	non-entailment
The lawyer saw the artist behind the student .	The artist saw the student .	non-entailment
The judge in front of the actor recognized the professor .	The professor recognized the actor .	non-entailment
The judges by the tourists called the doctors .	The tourists called the judges .	non-entailment
The senator helped the manager near the actor .	The actor helped the senator .	non-entailment
The secretary behind the senator admired the judges .	The senator admired the secretary .	non-entailment
The secretaries behind the senator helped the managers .	The senator helped the secretaries .	non-entailment
The judge believed the tourists near the presidents .	The presidents believed the judge .	non-entailment
The tourists supported the senator next to the president .	The senator supported the president .	non-entailment
The managers contacted the tourist by the scientist .	The tourist contacted the scientist .	non-entailment
The professors introduced the artists near the athlete .	The athlete introduced the professors .	non-entailment
The presidents next to the lawyer recommended the authors .	The authors recommended the lawyer .	non-entailment
The actor introduced the artist by the judges .	The judges introduced the actor .	non-entailment
The artist saw the tourist next to the doctor .	The doctor saw the artist .	non-entailment
The lawyers contacted the tourists next to the athletes .	The athletes contacted the lawyers .	non-entailment
The managers thanked the athlete by the secretary .	The secretary thanked the managers .	non-entailment
The professor contacted the student behind the secretary .	The secretary contacted the professor .	non-entailment
The professor recognized the lawyer next to the secretaries .	The lawyer recognized the professor .	non-entailment
The students saw the manager in front of the actor .	The actor saw the students .	non-entailment
The athletes supported the student behind the lawyer .	The student supported the athletes .	non-entailment
The tourists helped the banker near the judges .	The judges helped the tourists .	non-entailment
The senators in front of the professor called the lawyer .	The professor called the senators .	non-entailment
The banker near the student recognized the senators .	The senators recognized the banker .	non-entailment
The lawyer admired the professor in front of the tourist .	The professor admired the tourist .	non-entailment
The judge called the professor behind the actor .	The professor called the actor .	non-entailment
The scientists recommended the senators by the artist .	The artist recommended the scientists .	non-entailment
The doctor recognized the students next to the scientists .	The scientists recognized the doctor .	non-entailment
The manager behind the lawyer thanked the scientist .	The scientist thanked the lawyer .	non-entailment
The judge called the secretary in front of the author .	The secretary called the author .	non-entailment
The lawyer avoided the judges in front of the banker .	The judges avoided the banker .	non-entailment
The doctors next to the author advised the president .	The author advised the doctors .	non-entailment
The students next to the author recognized the lawyer .	The lawyer recognized the students .	non-entailment
The scientist supported the doctor near the authors .	The authors supported the scientist .	non-entailment
The senators next to the actor advised the scientist .	The scientist advised the senators .	non-entailment
The scientists next to the secretary supported the artists .	The secretary supported the scientists .	non-entailment
The athlete next to the professor supported the doctor .	The doctor supported the professor .	non-entailment
The senators by the manager thanked the tourists .	The tourists thanked the senators .	non-entailment
The actors thanked the senator next to the doctor .	The doctor thanked the actors .	non-entailment
The judge believed the doctor in front of the secretaries .	The doctor believed the judge .	non-entailment
The students recommended the bankers next to the artist .	The bankers recommended the students .	non-entailment
The artist advised the doctor in front of the professor .	The professor advised the artist .	non-entailment
The managers mentioned the tourists in front of the artist .	The tourists mentioned the artist .	non-entailment
The actor stopped the student behind the presidents .	The presidents stopped the actor .	non-entailment
The tourists behind the presidents admired the student .	The presidents admired the tourists .	non-entailment
The athletes next to the lawyer stopped the senators .	The lawyer stopped the athletes .	non-entailment
The bankers by the authors recognized the lawyers .	The lawyers recognized the bankers .	non-entailment
The professor near the managers mentioned the bankers .	The bankers mentioned the professor .	non-entailment
The students encouraged the bankers by the professor .	The bankers encouraged the professor .	non-entailment
The professor near the artists helped the lawyer .	The lawyer helped the artists .	non-entailment
The scientist next to the athlete mentioned the artist .	The artist mentioned the athlete .	non-entailment
The scientist near the artists recognized the banker .	The artists recognized the scientist .	non-entailment
The scientists by the doctor helped the manager .	The manager helped the doctor .	non-entailment
The lawyers in front of the managers recognized the professor .	The managers recognized the lawyers .	non-entailment
The senators behind the artist advised the managers .	The artist advised the senators .	non-entailment
The secretary in front of the senators called the artist .	The artist called the senators .	non-entailment
The doctor recommended the student in front of the presidents .	The presidents recommended the doctor .	non-entailment
The actor admired the senators next to the bankers .	The senators admired the bankers .	non-entailment
The artist by the judge admired the actor .	The actor admired the judge .	non-entailment
The president helped the secretary next to the senator .	The senator helped the president .	non-entailment
The lawyers near the judges introduced the students .	The judges introduced the lawyers .	non-entailment
The students near the doctors helped the professor .	The doctors helped the students .	non-entailment
The bankers by the artist stopped the actors .	The actors stopped the artist .	non-entailment
The scientist thanked the judges near the secretary .	The secretary thanked the scientist .	non-entailment
The doctors in front of the artists mentioned the actors .	The actors mentioned the doctors .	non-entailment
The doctors by the lawyer advised the actors .	The lawyer advised the doctors .	non-entailment
The senators called the banker near the author .	The author called the senators .	non-entailment
The scientists next to the banker introduced the student .	The banker introduced the scientists .	non-entailment
The athletes in front of the bankers thanked the scientists .	The scientists thanked the athletes .	non-entailment
The judge in front of the scientists believed the athlete .	The athlete believed the scientists .	non-entailment
The student helped the bankers next to the athletes .	The athletes helped the student .	non-entailment
The bankers saw the secretaries next to the manager .	The manager saw the bankers .	non-entailment
The doctors near the bankers recognized the scientists .	The scientists recognized the bankers .	non-entailment
The lawyers admired the banker by the doctors .	The banker admired the lawyers .	non-entailment
The artists in front of the scientist called the manager .	The manager called the scientist .	non-entailment
The author behind the athletes encouraged the tourist .	The tourist encouraged the athletes .	non-entailment
The artist next to the senators introduced the tourist .	The senators introduced the artist .	non-entailment
The doctors believed the artists in front of the tourists .	The tourists believed the doctors .	non-entailment
The secretaries next to the students recognized the athlete .	The athlete recognized the secretaries .	non-entailment
The managers near the artist recognized the actor .	The actor recognized the managers .	non-entailment
The doctor thanked the athlete by the artist .	The artist thanked the doctor .	non-entailment
The banker next to the doctors advised the artists .	The doctors advised the banker .	non-entailment
The scientists admired the tourist by the actors .	The tourist admired the actors .	non-entailment
The president introduced the student in front of the artists .	The student introduced the president .	non-entailment
The professors in front of the secretary avoided the judges .	The judges avoided the professors .	non-entailment
The author introduced the students in front of the presidents .	The students introduced the author .	non-entailment
The managers in front of the tourists introduced the lawyers .	The lawyers introduced the tourists .	non-entailment
The manager in front of the bankers believed the artist .	The artist believed the bankers .	non-entailment
The senators in front of the secretary stopped the tourists .	The secretary stopped the senators .	non-entailment
The artist behind the athlete contacted the tourists .	The tourists contacted the athlete .	non-entailment
The judge behind the tourists called the bankers .	The bankers called the judge .	non-entailment
The doctors recognized the judge in front of the professor .	The judge recognized the professor .	non-entailment
The judges in front of the artist mentioned the students .	The students mentioned the artist .	non-entailment
The artists by the tourist encouraged the lawyer .	The lawyer encouraged the artists .	non-entailment
The secretaries supported the managers behind the bankers .	The bankers supported the secretaries .	non-entailment
The author encouraged the senators next to the professors .	The professors encouraged the author .	non-entailment
The secretary near the artists recognized the tourist .	The tourist recognized the artists .	non-entailment
The manager admired the lawyer next to the secretary .	The lawyer admired the secretary .	non-entailment
The senator thanked the secretaries near the athlete .	The secretaries thanked the senator .	non-entailment
The senators behind the artists mentioned the presidents .	The artists mentioned the senators .	non-entailment
The manager behind the doctor thanked the lawyers .	The lawyers thanked the manager .	non-entailment
The secretary avoided the lawyers next to the senator .	The lawyers avoided the secretary .	non-entailment
The senator thanked the author behind the professor .	The author thanked the professor .	non-entailment
The secretary saw the lawyer in front of the author .	The lawyer saw the author .	non-entailment
The athletes admired the banker near the senator .	The banker admired the athletes .	non-entailment
The scientist next to the judges thanked the student .	The judges thanked the scientist .	non-entailment
The actor next to the scientists avoided the author .	The author avoided the actor .	non-entailment
The athlete admired the tourists next to the authors .	The authors admired the athlete .	non-entailment
The secretaries called the professors next to the doctor .	The professors called the secretaries .	non-entailment
The tourist saw the managers in front of the athletes .	The managers saw the athletes .	non-entailment
The artists supported the judges in front of the presidents .	The presidents supported the artists .	non-entailment
The judges near the managers stopped the secretaries .	The secretaries stopped the managers .	non-entailment
The author near the secretary called the bankers .	The secretary called the author .	non-entailment
The manager encouraged the lawyers next to the author .	The author encouraged the manager .	non-entailment
The actors thanked the students near the senators .	The students thanked the actors .	non-entailment
The actors thanked the authors near the banker .	The authors thanked the banker .	non-entailment
The manager by the lawyer recommended the professor .	The professor recommended the lawyer .	non-entailment
The artists near the secretaries introduced the actor .	The actor introduced the secretaries .	non-entailment
The doctors advised the tourists near the professors .	The tourists advised the professors .	non-entailment
The tourists introduced the student near the author .	The author introduced the tourists .	non-entailment
The senator behind the artists mentioned the manager .	The manager mentioned the senator .	non-entailment
The tourist behind the judges encouraged the secretaries .	The judges encouraged the tourist .	non-entailment
The president believed the authors next to the manager .	The manager believed the president .	non-entailment
The artist supported the authors in front of the athlete .	The authors supported the athlete .	non-entailment
The actors recommended the artists by the judge .	The artists recommended the actors .	non-entailment
The artists by the secretaries advised the manager .	The manager advised the artists .	non-entailment
The managers helped the doctor near the artist .	The doctor helped the artist .	non-entailment
The banker next to the secretaries mentioned the presidents .	The secretaries mentioned the banker .	non-entailment
The athletes next to the judge mentioned the tourists .	The tourists mentioned the athletes .	non-entailment
The judges admired the doctors behind the lawyer .	The doctors admired the lawyer .	non-entailment
The students near the professors avoided the authors .	The authors avoided the students .	non-entailment
The senators behind the professors contacted the student .	The student contacted the professors .	non-entailment
The president by the secretaries helped the managers .	The secretaries helped the president .	non-entailment
The tourists next to the professors encouraged the actors .	The actors encouraged the professors .	non-entailment
The students believed the tourist in front of the secretary .	The tourist believed the students .	non-entailment
The judge saw the authors behind the actor .	The authors saw the actor .	non-entailment
The judges recommended the presidents in front of the author .	The presidents recommended the judges .	non-entailment
The tourists near the scientists helped the presidents .	The scientists helped the tourists .	non-entailment
The athlete behind the artists mentioned the tourists .	The artists mentioned the athlete .	non-entailment
The doctor avoided the senator behind the professor .	The professor avoided the doctor .	non-entailment
The managers helped the professor behind the doctor .	The professor helped the doctor .	non-entailment
The actors behind the professors believed the tourist .	The tourist believed the professors .	non-entailment
The scientists behind the doctor thanked the tourists .	The tourists thanked the scientists .	non-entailment
The professor by the scientist avoided the students .	The students avoided the scientist .	non-entailment
The professor next to the presidents called the athletes .	The athletes called the professor .	non-entailment
The senator saw the professor behind the managers .	The managers saw the senator .	non-entailment
The artists behind the secretaries introduced the authors .	The authors introduced the artists .	non-entailment
The artists by the president mentioned the professor .	The professor mentioned the artists .	non-entailment
The senators behind the lawyer saw the scientist .	The scientist saw the lawyer .	non-entailment
The banker helped the doctors by the author .	The doctors helped the author .	non-entailment
The senator by the doctors helped the presidents .	The doctors helped the senator .	non-entailment
The tourists by the students believed the lawyers .	The lawyers believed the tourists .	non-entailment
The doctors thanked the presidents near the artists .	The artists thanked the doctors .	non-entailment
The senator behind the doctors believed the lawyers .	The doctors believed the senator .	non-entailment
The bankers by the lawyer avoided the manager .	The manager avoided the lawyer .	non-entailment
The judges avoided the doctor behind the scientist .	The scientist avoided the judges .	non-entailment
The artist behind the managers mentioned the judges .	The managers mentioned the artist .	non-entailment
The tourists helped the bankers by the secretary .	The secretary helped the tourists .	non-entailment
The author avoided the doctors by the athlete .	The athlete avoided the author .	non-entailment
The athlete advised the managers in front of the tourists .	The managers advised the tourists .	non-entailment
The student mentioned the senators in front of the president .	The senators mentioned the student .	non-entailment
The managers saw the professor behind the judges .	The judges saw the managers .	non-entailment
The scientists advised the presidents near the secretaries .	The presidents advised the scientists .	non-entailment
The secretaries helped the bankers near the judge .	The judge helped the secretaries .	non-entailment
The doctor helped the presidents behind the tourists .	The presidents helped the tourists .	non-entailment
The judges by the tourists supported the scientist .	The tourists supported the judges .	non-entailment
The secretary behind the authors believed the lawyer .	The lawyer believed the secretary .	non-entailment
The president next to the lawyer admired the senators .	The senators admired the president .	non-entailment
The doctors by the president avoided the senators .	The senators avoided the doctors .	non-entailment
The lawyers thanked the judge near the student .	The judge thanked the lawyers .	non-entailment
The artists next to the secretaries thanked the lawyers .	The secretaries thanked the artists .	non-entailment
The athlete next to the manager mentioned the banker .	The banker mentioned the athlete .	non-entailment
The president by the actor called the athlete .	The actor called the president .	non-entailment
The professor behind the scientists admired the students .	The students admired the professor .	non-entailment
The student saw the managers behind the bankers .	The managers saw the student .	non-entailment
The professor next to the student believed the scientists .	The student believed the professor .	non-entailment
The lawyer behind the athlete thanked the artists .	The artists thanked the lawyer .	non-entailment
The students near the professor advised the author .	The professor advised the students .	non-entailment
The professors near the senator thanked the lawyer .	The lawyer thanked the professors .	non-entailment
The actor next to the artists supported the athletes .	The athletes supported the actor .	non-entailment
The athletes helped the lawyer near the scientists .	The lawyer helped the athletes .	non-entailment
The manager near the actors avoided the professor .	The professor avoided the manager .	non-entailment
The judges near the authors encouraged the athlete .	The authors encouraged the judges .	non-entailment
The judges in front of the secretaries saw the tourist .	The secretaries saw the judges .	non-entailment
The secretary in front of the professors mentioned the author .	The author mentioned the secretary .	non-entailment
The actor stopped the artists next to the doctor .	The artists stopped the actor .	non-entailment
The actor near the doctor advised the athlete .	The doctor advised the actor .	non-entailment
The doctor behind the lawyer introduced the judge .	The judge introduced the doctor .	non-entailment
The senator saw the artist next to the bankers .	The artist saw the senator .	non-entailment
The scientists saw the professor in front of the secretary .	The professor saw the scientists .	non-entailment
The tourist encouraged the actors behind the professors .	The actors encouraged the professors .	non-entailment
The professor recognized the artist in front of the actor .	The artist recognized the actor .	non-entailment
The lawyers in front of the doctor called the author .	The doctor called the lawyers .	non-entailment
The actors behind the presidents called the manager .	The presidents called the actors .	non-entailment
The managers next to the artists contacted the students .	The artists contacted the managers .	non-entailment
The managers stopped the athlete by the professors .	The athlete stopped the managers .	non-entailment
The actor recommended the athlete near the presidents .	The athlete recommended the presidents .	non-entailment
The artists mentioned the athletes next to the actor .	The athletes mentioned the actor .	non-entailment
The athletes supported the professor next to the senators .	The professor supported the senators .	non-entailment
The scientists near the president admired the authors .	The authors admired the scientists .	non-entailment
The presidents helped the secretary in front of the athletes .	The athletes helped the presidents .	non-entailment
The scientists by the senator encouraged the secretaries .	The senator encouraged the scientists .	non-entailment
The students supported the actor next to the secretaries .	The actor supported the students .	non-entailment
The managers next to the athlete helped the authors .	The authors helped the managers .	non-entailment
The managers avoided the authors in front of the bankers .	The bankers avoided the managers .	non-entailment
The authors next to the professor mentioned the president .	The professor mentioned the authors .	non-entailment
The student behind the secretaries saw the senators .	The senators saw the student .	non-entailment
The professors by the manager introduced the actor .	The manager introduced the professors .	non-entailment
The athlete next to the president stopped the students .	The students stopped the president .	non-entailment
The professors thanked the tourists next to the president .	The tourists thanked the professors .	non-entailment
The athletes by the author encouraged the managers .	The managers encouraged the author .	non-entailment
The secretaries recommended the professor behind the lawyer .	The professor recommended the lawyer .	non-entailment
The secretary by the president contacted the professors .	The president contacted the secretary .	non-entailment
The professor helped the managers next to the president .	The president helped the professor .	non-entailment
The professor mentioned the senators behind the secretary .	The senators mentioned the professor .	non-entailment
The students avoided the judge near the professor .	The judge avoided the students .	non-entailment
The presidents helped the scientist near the judge .	The scientist helped the judge .	non-entailment
The student advised the senator in front of the secretary .	The secretary advised the student .	non-entailment
The judge behind the tourist recommended the professor .	The tourist recommended the judge .	non-entailment
The tourist called the judges by the professor .	The judges called the professor .	non-entailment
The lawyer by the doctor introduced the secretary .	The secretary introduced the lawyer .	non-entailment
The lawyer in front of the authors supported the students .	The authors supported the lawyer .	non-entailment
The president recognized the senator near the artists .	The artists recognized the president .	non-entailment
The presidents mentioned the artists by the professor .	The professor mentioned the presidents .	non-entailment
The artist mentioned the president near the lawyer .	The lawyer mentioned the artist .	non-entailment
The tourist next to the presidents avoided the authors .	The authors avoided the tourist .	non-entailment
The lawyers behind the doctors helped the athletes .	The doctors helped the lawyers .	non-entailment
The lawyers contacted the scientists near the bankers .	The scientists contacted the bankers .	non-entailment
The professors near the judge avoided the athletes .	The athletes avoided the judge .	non-entailment
The bankers by the scientists encouraged the managers .	The managers encouraged the bankers .	non-entailment
The secretary behind the students believed the authors .	The students believed the secretary .	non-entailment
The professors contacted the actor behind the managers .	The actor contacted the professors .	non-entailment
The banker near the scientist recommended the athlete .	The scientist recommended the banker .	non-entailment
The doctor helped the scientist behind the judges .	The scientist helped the doctor .	non-entailment
The doctor next to the author helped the artists .	The artists helped the author .	non-entailment
The athletes in front of the professors avoided the artists .	The professors avoided the athletes .	non-entailment
The bankers by the artists contacted the doctors .	The artists contacted the bankers .	non-entailment
The banker helped the students by the judge .	The students helped the judge .	non-entailment
The president next to the actor avoided the doctor .	The doctor avoided the actor .	non-entailment
The lawyers by the tourists saw the athletes .	The tourists saw the lawyers .	non-entailment
The actor stopped the bankers in front of the artists .	The bankers stopped the actor .	non-entailment
The scientists in front of the tourists believed the lawyers .	The tourists believed the scientists .	non-entailment
The doctor called the banker near the author .	The banker called the author .	non-entailment
The actors advised the senators near the doctors .	The senators advised the actors .	non-entailment
The bankers supported the authors next to the senator .	The senator supported the bankers .	non-entailment
The actors near the bankers encouraged the tourists .	The tourists encouraged the actors .	non-entailment
The professor in front of the actor recommended the authors .	The authors recommended the professor .	non-entailment
The students admired the tourists in front of the managers .	The managers admired the students .	non-entailment
The president helped the manager by the athlete .	The manager helped the president .	non-entailment
The presidents behind the lawyers called the judges .	The judges called the presidents .	non-entailment
The lawyer contacted the doctor in front of the senators .	The senators contacted the lawyer .	non-entailment
The athlete introduced the bankers behind the doctor .	The doctor introduced the athlete .	non-entailment
The judge in front of the student contacted the professors .	The professors contacted the judge .	non-entailment
The manager mentioned the senator in front of the lawyers .	The senator mentioned the manager .	non-entailment
The lawyer in front of the banker encouraged the managers .	The managers encouraged the banker .	non-entailment
The tourist helped the scientist behind the lawyers .	The scientist helped the lawyers .	non-entailment
The bankers thanked the secretary behind the author .	The secretary thanked the author .	non-entailment
The doctors in front of the judge stopped the managers .	The managers stopped the judge .	non-entailment
The author by the bankers saw the doctor .	The doctor saw the author .	non-entailment
The professors by the presidents contacted the secretaries .	The presidents contacted the professors .	non-entailment
The students in front of the professors mentioned the managers .	The managers mentioned the professors .	non-entailment
The students called the judge behind the lawyers .	The lawyers called the students .	non-entailment
The artists near the scientists introduced the lawyers .	The lawyers introduced the artists .	non-entailment
The students recommended the authors in front of the artist .	The authors recommended the students .	non-entailment
The author near the artists recommended the athlete .	The artists recommended the author .	non-entailment
The students next to the tourists mentioned the bankers .	The bankers mentioned the tourists .	non-entailment
The students supported the tourists next to the senator .	The senator supported the students .	non-entailment
The author contacted the actors behind the bankers .	The actors contacted the author .	non-entailment
The secretary supported the doctor near the authors .	The doctor supported the secretary .	non-entailment
The banker avoided the president near the author .	The author avoided the banker .	non-entailment
The students thanked the scientist next to the tourists .	The tourists thanked the students .	non-entailment
The secretary stopped the lawyers next to the manager .	The lawyers stopped the secretary .	non-entailment
The artists thanked the doctor by the actor .	The doctor thanked the artists .	non-entailment
The lawyers mentioned the senators behind the judges .	The senators mentioned the lawyers .	non-entailment
The presidents contacted the actor in front of the tourist .	The actor contacted the tourist .	non-entailment
The artists behind the doctors stopped the author .	The author stopped the artists .	non-entailment
The tourists near the scientists believed the doctor .	The doctor believed the scientists .	non-entailment
The banker encouraged the tourists by the scientists .	The tourists encouraged the banker .	non-entailment
The artist near the presidents contacted the students .	The students contacted the artist .	non-entailment
The scientist by the tourist saw the senators .	The senators saw the scientist .	non-entailment
The student next to the secretaries called the lawyers .	The lawyers called the secretaries .	non-entailment
The athlete believed the senator behind the presidents .	The presidents believed the athlete .	non-entailment
The lawyers encouraged the athletes next to the judge .	The judge encouraged the lawyers .	non-entailment
The lawyer near the judges helped the president .	The judges helped the lawyer .	non-entailment
The actor near the presidents admired the lawyers .	The lawyers admired the actor .	non-entailment
The banker recommended the presidents near the managers .	The presidents recommended the managers .	non-entailment
The athlete in front of the professor avoided the banker .	The professor avoided the athlete .	non-entailment
The presidents supported the scientists in front of the athletes .	The athletes supported the presidents .	non-entailment
The professor next to the student encouraged the presidents .	The student encouraged the professor .	non-entailment
The artist in front of the tourists recommended the senator .	The senator recommended the tourists .	non-entailment
The judge behind the artists introduced the professor .	The artists introduced the judge .	non-entailment
The scientists behind the judges recommended the lawyers .	The lawyers recommended the scientists .	non-entailment
The author introduced the students near the athletes .	The athletes introduced the author .	non-entailment
The artist introduced the presidents next to the doctors .	The doctors introduced the artist .	non-entailment
The presidents recommended the actor in front of the artists .	The artists recommended the presidents .	non-entailment
The scientist in front of the professors believed the manager .	The professors believed the scientist .	non-entailment
The artists recognized the secretaries by the lawyer .	The secretaries recognized the artists .	non-entailment
The banker by the doctor encouraged the actor .	The actor encouraged the banker .	non-entailment
The senator by the actor introduced the judges .	The judges introduced the senator .	non-entailment
The manager admired the scientists by the professors .	The scientists admired the manager .	non-entailment
The lawyers by the student encouraged the actor .	The actor encouraged the student .	non-entailment
The senators in front of the professor encouraged the student .	The student encouraged the senators .	non-entailment
The author introduced the tourist by the judges .	The tourist introduced the judges .	non-entailment
The athletes next to the bankers called the students .	The bankers called the athletes .	non-entailment
The authors believed the athlete next to the secretary .	The athlete believed the authors .	non-entailment
The secretaries admired the lawyer behind the judges .	The judges admired the secretaries .	non-entailment
The student recommended the actor by the senator .	The senator recommended the student .	non-entailment
The senators near the scientists called the tourists .	The tourists called the scientists .	non-entailment
The author near the secretary helped the artists .	The artists helped the secretary .	non-entailment
The manager in front of the bankers advised the senators .	The bankers advised the manager .	non-entailment
The athletes thanked the judge near the doctors .	The judge thanked the athletes .	non-entailment
The scientists next to the student stopped the bankers .	The bankers stopped the scientists .	non-entailment
The banker next to the athlete advised the doctors .	The doctors advised the athlete .	non-entailment
The judge behind the scientists saw the lawyer .	The lawyer saw the scientists .	non-entailment
The president next to the judges helped the students .	The students helped the president .	non-entailment
The doctor supported the actor next to the manager .	The actor supported the doctor .	non-entailment
The manager behind the athletes recognized the scientist .	The athletes recognized the manager .	non-entailment
The lawyers supported the senators near the students .	The students supported the lawyers .	non-entailment
The bankers avoided the doctors in front of the lawyer .	The doctors avoided the bankers .	non-entailment
The secretary saw the tourists by the banker .	The banker saw the secretary .	non-entailment
The scientist in front of the secretary avoided the actors .	The secretary avoided the scientist .	non-entailment
The author contacted the tourist next to the judge .	The judge contacted the author .	non-entailment
The lawyers next to the tourist admired the secretary .	The secretary admired the lawyers .	non-entailment
The professor next to the actors called the judges .	The actors called the professor .	non-entailment
The doctors in front of the judge saw the secretaries .	The secretaries saw the doctors .	non-entailment
The senators in front of the athletes recognized the authors .	The athletes recognized the senators .	non-entailment
The manager next to the scientists thanked the actor .	The actor thanked the manager .	non-entailment
The senator near the professor recommended the lawyer .	The professor recommended the senator .	non-entailment
The president by the lawyers recommended the tourist .	The lawyers recommended the president .	non-entailment
The manager admired the president next to the judges .	The president admired the manager .	non-entailment
The lawyer mentioned the actor behind the president .	The actor mentioned the president .	non-entailment
The presidents by the artists recommended the author .	The author recommended the presidents .	non-entailment
The students stopped the scientist near the lawyer .	The lawyer stopped the students .	non-entailment
The tourists next to the artists saw the presidents .	The presidents saw the tourists .	non-entailment
The lawyers behind the banker recommended the professors .	The professors recommended the banker .	non-entailment
The authors introduced the scientists next to the presidents .	The presidents introduced the authors .	non-entailment
The banker mentioned the senators next to the authors .	The senators mentioned the authors .	non-entailment
The artists avoided the bankers by the senators .	The bankers avoided the artists .	non-entailment
The senators next to the professors avoided the student .	The student avoided the professors .	non-entailment
The professors next to the judge recognized the managers .	The managers recognized the judge .	non-entailment
The presidents in front of the secretaries mentioned the senator .	The secretaries mentioned the presidents .	non-entailment
The lawyer introduced the actors by the bankers .	The bankers introduced the lawyer .	non-entailment
The presidents supported the student by the managers .	The managers supported the presidents .	non-entailment
The bankers contacted the tourist behind the actors .	The tourist contacted the bankers .	non-entailment
The student in front of the artist encouraged the professors .	The professors encouraged the student .	non-entailment
The athlete behind the actor stopped the president .	The actor stopped the athlete .	non-entailment
The student mentioned the actors in front of the presidents .	The presidents mentioned the student .	non-entailment
The student next to the secretaries avoided the doctors .	The secretaries avoided the student .	non-entailment
The professors advised the secretary behind the lawyers .	The secretary advised the professors .	non-entailment
The professors near the author recommended the doctor .	The doctor recommended the professors .	non-entailment
The doctors supported the professors behind the artist .	The professors supported the artist .	non-entailment
The lawyer encouraged the judges behind the author .	The judges encouraged the lawyer .	non-entailment
The professors contacted the student next to the lawyer .	The lawyer contacted the professors .	non-entailment
The tourists in front of the professors mentioned the bankers .	The bankers mentioned the tourists .	non-entailment
The students in front of the doctors thanked the lawyer .	The lawyer thanked the doctors .	non-entailment
The lawyer contacted the professors in front of the scientist .	The professors contacted the scientist .	non-entailment
The judges near the senator advised the athlete .	The senator advised the judges .	non-entailment
The doctors next to the senator contacted the actors .	The actors contacted the senator .	non-entailment
The manager advised the lawyers near the senator .	The senator advised the manager .	non-entailment
The artist recommended the senator behind the president .	The president recommended the artist .	non-entailment
The bankers next to the managers stopped the actors .	The actors stopped the bankers .	non-entailment
The secretary recommended the professors near the senators .	The professors recommended the senators .	non-entailment
The tourists contacted the secretaries in front of the senators .	The senators contacted the tourists .	non-entailment
The presidents believed the secretaries next to the student .	The student believed the presidents .	non-entailment
The actors called the manager near the senator .	The manager called the senator .	non-entailment
The athlete next to the lawyer thanked the doctor .	The doctor thanked the athlete .	non-entailment
The manager called the scientists by the authors .	The authors called the manager .	non-entailment
The secretary stopped the author in front of the professors .	The author stopped the secretary .	non-entailment
The secretaries recognized the students next to the managers .	The students recognized the managers .	non-entailment
The tourist mentioned the secretary behind the authors .	The secretary mentioned the authors .	non-entailment
The manager encouraged the author by the athletes .	The author encouraged the athletes .	non-entailment
The lawyer helped the athlete by the authors .	The authors helped the lawyer .	non-entailment
The authors encouraged the manager behind the actor .	The actor encouraged the authors .	non-entailment
The lawyer encouraged the artists in front of the authors .	The authors encouraged the lawyer .	non-entailment
The scientists introduced the professors behind the actor .	The actor introduced the scientists .	non-entailment
The author recognized the secretaries next to the bankers .	The bankers recognized the author .	non-entailment
The bankers near the doctor recommended the tourist .	The tourist recommended the doctor .	non-entailment
The secretary by the presidents advised the judge .	The judge advised the secretary .	non-entailment
The author by the scientist stopped the judges .	The judges stopped the scientist .	non-entailment
The professor behind the doctors called the banker .	The banker called the doctors .	non-entailment
The judge next to the president mentioned the actor .	The actor mentioned the judge .	non-entailment
The scientist thanked the manager near the bankers .	The manager thanked the scientist .	non-entailment
The tourists next to the presidents stopped the scientist .	The scientist stopped the presidents .	non-entailment
The managers behind the tourist advised the senator .	The tourist advised the managers .	non-entailment
The actors behind the secretary contacted the student .	The student contacted the actors .	non-entailment
The secretary stopped the author near the athletes .	The author stopped the athletes .	non-entailment
The bankers believed the scientists next to the tourists .	The scientists believed the tourists .	non-entailment
The judge behind the actor supported the banker .	The actor supported the judge .	non-entailment
The tourist admired the secretaries by the manager .	The manager admired the tourist .	non-entailment
The authors in front of the secretaries recognized the students .	The secretaries recognized the authors .	non-entailment
The athletes behind the senators saw the professors .	The professors saw the athletes .	non-entailment
The scientists near the artists mentioned the actors .	The actors mentioned the scientists .	non-entailment
The tourists believed the presidents near the actors .	The presidents believed the tourists .	non-entailment
The bankers behind the judges mentioned the senator .	The judges mentioned the bankers .	non-entailment
The judge by the artists stopped the professors .	The artists stopped the judge .	non-entailment
The athletes in front of the secretary advised the president .	The secretary advised the athletes .	non-entailment
The judge in front of the author introduced the senator .	The senator introduced the author .	non-entailment
The presidents next to the tourist thanked the judge .	The judge thanked the tourist .	non-entailment
The student helped the managers behind the judges .	The managers helped the judges .	non-entailment
The authors next to the doctor helped the professor .	The professor helped the authors .	non-entailment
The presidents mentioned the managers behind the student .	The student mentioned the presidents .	non-entailment
The student recommended the doctor behind the secretaries .	The doctor recommended the secretaries .	non-entailment
The senators thanked the judges by the tourist .	The judges thanked the senators .	non-entailment
The author believed the secretaries behind the professor .	The secretaries believed the author .	non-entailment
The athlete recommended the actor by the students .	The students recommended the athlete .	non-entailment
The lawyer advised the professors by the bankers .	The bankers advised the lawyer .	non-entailment
The secretary supported the authors in front of the student .	The authors supported the student .	non-entailment
The actors helped the manager next to the professors .	The manager helped the professors .	non-entailment
The secretaries supported the authors next to the banker .	The authors supported the secretaries .	non-entailment
The secretary in front of the presidents mentioned the student .	The student mentioned the presidents .	non-entailment
The actor by the tourists thanked the president .	The tourists thanked the actor .	non-entailment
The judges believed the bankers near the managers .	The bankers believed the managers .	non-entailment
The secretary by the bankers recognized the professor .	The bankers recognized the secretary .	non-entailment
The judges by the actors recognized the senator .	The senator recognized the actors .	non-entailment
The banker behind the lawyers recognized the scientist .	The scientist recognized the lawyers .	non-entailment
The secretary by the artist recognized the actor .	The artist recognized the secretary .	non-entailment
The judge next to the athletes advised the author .	The athletes advised the judge .	non-entailment
The students next to the senators called the judge .	The senators called the students .	non-entailment
The athlete stopped the banker near the artist .	The banker stopped the athlete .	non-entailment
The managers recognized the authors next to the professor .	The authors recognized the professor .	non-entailment
The actors in front of the managers recognized the senators .	The senators recognized the managers .	non-entailment
The manager by the tourists recommended the lawyer .	The tourists recommended the manager .	non-entailment
The students next to the judges supported the athlete .	The athlete supported the students .	non-entailment
The secretaries next to the author contacted the professors .	The professors contacted the secretaries .	non-entailment
The scientists helped the artists next to the actor .	The artists helped the actor .	non-entailment
The artists by the doctor helped the student .	The student helped the doctor .	non-entailment
The student helped the doctors in front of the professor .	The professor helped the student .	non-entailment
The athletes next to the doctor thanked the managers .	The managers thanked the athletes .	non-entailment
The actor by the bankers recommended the doctor .	The doctor recommended the actor .	non-entailment
The actors behind the athletes called the scientists .	The scientists called the actors .	non-entailment
The artist in front of the actor recognized the lawyers .	The actor recognized the artist .	non-entailment
The students by the doctor introduced the presidents .	The presidents introduced the doctor .	non-entailment
The tourists recognized the artists next to the lawyers .	The lawyers recognized the tourists .	non-entailment
The senators next to the actors recommended the artist .	The artist recommended the senators .	non-entailment
The lawyer admired the scientist behind the tourists .	The scientist admired the lawyer .	non-entailment
The authors in front of the actors recommended the president .	The actors recommended the authors .	non-entailment
The bankers by the student introduced the lawyer .	The student introduced the bankers .	non-entailment
The doctors mentioned the presidents behind the judges .	The presidents mentioned the judges .	non-entailment
The manager believed the lawyer in front of the professors .	The professors believed the manager .	non-entailment
The lawyers thanked the secretary behind the tourist .	The secretary thanked the lawyers .	non-entailment
The lawyer by the judges avoided the scientist .	The scientist avoided the lawyer .	non-entailment
The student believed the manager next to the tourists .	The tourists believed the student .	non-entailment
The athlete by the authors believed the president .	The president believed the athlete .	non-entailment
The president next to the senators advised the banker .	The banker advised the president .	non-entailment
The professor in front of the judge advised the managers .	The judge advised the professor .	non-entailment
The scientist near the tourists introduced the doctor .	The doctor introduced the scientist .	non-entailment
The artist recognized the tourists next to the bankers .	The tourists recognized the bankers .	non-entailment
The authors by the manager supported the doctor .	The doctor supported the manager .	non-entailment
The professors behind the athlete thanked the tourists .	The tourists thanked the athlete .	non-entailment
The judges admired the presidents in front of the secretary .	The presidents admired the judges .	non-entailment
The actors thanked the bankers behind the authors .	The authors thanked the actors .	non-entailment
The actors saw the student in front of the judges .	The student saw the actors .	non-entailment
The student near the manager mentioned the actors .	The actors mentioned the student .	non-entailment
The secretaries behind the tourist saw the managers .	The tourist saw the secretaries .	non-entailment
The athletes near the actor helped the banker .	The banker helped the actor .	non-entailment
The tourists behind the athlete helped the lawyer .	The lawyer helped the tourists .	non-entailment
The professors next to the tourist stopped the authors .	The authors stopped the professors .	non-entailment
The athletes believed the professor behind the doctor .	The doctor believed the athletes .	non-entailment
The secretaries believed the students next to the judges .	The students believed the secretaries .	non-entailment
The athletes by the scientist recommended the artists .	The artists recommended the athletes .	non-entailment
The scientists avoided the manager next to the professor .	The manager avoided the professor .	non-entailment
The manager behind the judge called the secretary .	The judge called the manager .	non-entailment
The doctor by the athlete encouraged the judges .	The athlete encouraged the doctor .	non-entailment
The doctors behind the tourists contacted the president .	The tourists contacted the doctors .	non-entailment
The actor in front of the athletes saw the president .	The athletes saw the actor .	non-entailment
The judge saw the doctor near the athletes .	The doctor saw the athletes .	non-entailment
The lawyer thanked the athletes in front of the presidents .	The presidents thanked the lawyer .	non-entailment
The athletes in front of the authors mentioned the professor .	The professor mentioned the athletes .	non-entailment
The tourists mentioned the artists near the student .	The student mentioned the tourists .	non-entailment
The banker next to the lawyers thanked the secretaries .	The lawyers thanked the banker .	non-entailment
The lawyers in front of the senator contacted the managers .	The senator contacted the lawyers .	non-entailment
The professor helped the bankers near the artist .	The bankers helped the professor .	non-entailment
The students near the author saw the judge .	The author saw the students .	non-entailment
The senator behind the managers saw the students .	The managers saw the senator .	non-entailment
The banker stopped the author behind the artist .	The author stopped the banker .	non-entailment
The secretaries thanked the doctors by the artists .	The artists thanked the secretaries .	non-entailment
The scientist by the manager believed the presidents .	The presidents believed the scientist .	non-entailment
The presidents by the doctor introduced the judges .	The judges introduced the doctor .	non-entailment
The tourists encouraged the scientists next to the athletes .	The scientists encouraged the tourists .	non-entailment
The managers believed the artists next to the secretaries .	The artists believed the secretaries .	non-entailment
The secretaries called the students in front of the bankers .	The bankers called the secretaries .	non-entailment
The bankers believed the professor behind the artists .	The professor believed the artists .	non-entailment
The artist helped the banker near the doctor .	The doctor helped the artist .	non-entailment
The doctor believed the students behind the tourist .	The students believed the tourist .	non-entailment
The president believed the doctors behind the judge .	The doctors believed the president .	non-entailment
The lawyer thanked the actor near the banker .	The actor thanked the banker .	non-entailment
The authors advised the professor by the secretary .	The secretary advised the authors .	non-entailment
The president by the tourist stopped the doctors .	The doctors stopped the tourist .	non-entailment
The artist recognized the professor near the students .	The professor recognized the artist .	non-entailment
The banker by the scientists admired the artists .	The artists admired the banker .	non-entailment
The athlete admired the secretary next to the banker .	The secretary admired the banker .	non-entailment
The lawyers recommended the actors behind the doctors .	The actors recommended the lawyers .	non-entailment
The student by the tourists thanked the athlete .	The athlete thanked the tourists .	non-entailment
The professors near the managers advised the athletes .	The athletes advised the managers .	non-entailment
The athletes mentioned the scientists by the senator .	The scientists mentioned the senator .	non-entailment
The students near the secretary supported the actor .	The secretary supported the students .	non-entailment
The senators behind the secretary believed the doctors .	The doctors believed the secretary .	non-entailment
The athletes mentioned the secretary by the president .	The secretary mentioned the president .	non-entailment
The lawyer admired the actor next to the athlete .	The actor admired the lawyer .	non-entailment
The professor next to the doctors stopped the actor .	The actor stopped the professor .	non-entailment
The presidents near the actor advised the banker .	The banker advised the presidents .	non-entailment
The athletes near the senator thanked the students .	The students thanked the athletes .	non-entailment
The banker helped the lawyer behind the scientist .	The lawyer helped the scientist .	non-entailment
The lawyers contacted the manager next to the actors .	The manager contacted the actors .	non-entailment
The athletes in front of the scientist called the doctor .	The doctor called the scientist .	non-entailment
The athlete near the judges saw the tourist .	The tourist saw the judges .	non-entailment
The authors behind the lawyers encouraged the presidents .	The lawyers encouraged the authors .	non-entailment
The judges in front of the tourist thanked the doctors .	The doctors thanked the tourist .	non-entailment
The manager mentioned the lawyers next to the actors .	The lawyers mentioned the manager .	non-entailment
The tourist believed the scientist by the professor .	The scientist believed the tourist .	non-entailment
The lawyer stopped the tourist near the secretary .	The tourist stopped the lawyer .	non-entailment
The doctor helped the bankers near the actors .	The actors helped the doctor .	non-entailment
The authors recognized the tourists next to the actor .	The tourists recognized the actor .	non-entailment
The lawyers saw the senators in front of the managers .	The managers saw the lawyers .	non-entailment
The scientists in front of the actor admired the artists .	The actor admired the scientists .	non-entailment
The secretaries helped the banker in front of the professors .	The professors helped the secretaries .	non-entailment
The manager stopped the doctor by the tourists .	The doctor stopped the manager .	non-entailment
The senator next to the professor recognized the artist .	The artist recognized the professor .	non-entailment
The lawyers believed the professor in front of the authors .	The authors believed the lawyers .	non-entailment
The student next to the athletes saw the actors .	The actors saw the athletes .	non-entailment
The scientist near the student recognized the artists .	The artists recognized the student .	non-entailment
The senators behind the lawyers stopped the judges .	The lawyers stopped the senators .	non-entailment
The student supported the professors behind the actors .	The professors supported the actors .	non-entailment
The athletes next to the banker advised the doctor .	The doctor advised the banker .	non-entailment
The artists next to the secretaries helped the bankers .	The bankers helped the artists .	non-entailment
The professor behind the senator mentioned the actor .	The actor mentioned the professor .	non-entailment
The authors next to the athletes recommended the artists .	The artists recommended the athletes .	non-entailment
The actors near the scientist recommended the doctors .	The doctors recommended the actors .	non-entailment
The managers mentioned the athlete behind the banker .	The athlete mentioned the managers .	non-entailment
The banker recommended the secretary by the senator .	The secretary recommended the banker .	non-entailment
The managers encouraged the president in front of the athletes .	The president encouraged the managers .	non-entailment
The scientist recommended the athlete next to the senator .	The senator recommended the scientist .	non-entailment
The senators next to the judge mentioned the scientists .	The scientists mentioned the senators .	non-entailment
The lawyer mentioned the artist by the athletes .	The athletes mentioned the lawyer .	non-entailment
The lawyer near the banker encouraged the president .	The president encouraged the lawyer .	non-entailment
The doctors near the tourist mentioned the author .	The tourist mentioned the doctors .	non-entailment
The actor near the professor stopped the secretary .	The secretary stopped the professor .	non-entailment
The scientist helped the athletes next to the lawyer .	The athletes helped the lawyer .	non-entailment
The doctors admired the scientist near the judge .	The scientist admired the judge .	non-entailment
The senator near the professor recognized the secretaries .	The secretaries recognized the senator .	non-entailment
The managers in front of the senators helped the banker .	The banker helped the senators .	non-entailment
The presidents by the scientists advised the judge .	The judge advised the presidents .	non-entailment
The president next to the athlete supported the author .	The author supported the president .	non-entailment
The students avoided the manager in front of the tourists .	The tourists avoided the students .	non-entailment
The actor believed the authors near the professor .	The authors believed the actor .	non-entailment
The bankers called the professors in front of the lawyers .	The professors called the bankers .	non-entailment
The tourists in front of the artist recognized the authors .	The artist recognized the tourists .	non-entailment
The student by the senator stopped the lawyers .	The senator stopped the student .	non-entailment
The actors believed the secretaries near the senator .	The secretaries believed the actors .	non-entailment
The artists advised the tourist by the athletes .	The tourist advised the athletes .	non-entailment
The author in front of the athletes believed the banker .	The athletes believed the author .	non-entailment
The artist by the professors stopped the senators .	The senators stopped the artist .	non-entailment
The professors in front of the lawyers stopped the senator .	The lawyers stopped the professors .	non-entailment
The manager near the authors mentioned the tourists .	The tourists mentioned the manager .	non-entailment
The lawyers near the scientists recognized the senators .	The senators recognized the lawyers .	non-entailment
The actors believed the presidents by the lawyers .	The presidents believed the lawyers .	non-entailment
The tourists by the manager thanked the professors .	The professors thanked the tourists .	non-entailment
The tourists behind the actor supported the artist .	The actor supported the tourists .	non-entailment
The senator behind the athlete saw the manager .	The manager saw the athlete .	non-entailment
The secretary next to the professors recommended the lawyers .	The professors recommended the secretary .	non-entailment
The tourist recommended the athletes by the scientists .	The athletes recommended the scientists .	non-entailment
The scientist behind the author believed the managers .	The managers believed the scientist .	non-entailment
The lawyers next to the senators encouraged the managers .	The managers encouraged the senators .	non-entailment
The athletes avoided the student by the lawyers .	The lawyers avoided the athletes .	non-entailment
The lawyer next to the student recognized the athletes .	The athletes recognized the student .	non-entailment
The secretaries advised the doctors near the tourists .	The doctors advised the secretaries .	non-entailment
The athletes introduced the senator near the artist .	The artist introduced the athletes .	non-entailment
The students saw the doctors in front of the scientist .	The doctors saw the scientist .	non-entailment
The tourists next to the banker advised the actors .	The actors advised the banker .	non-entailment
The secretary admired the artists by the managers .	The artists admired the secretary .	non-entailment
The professor by the student recommended the senator .	The senator recommended the student .	non-entailment
The scientist recommended the artists in front of the judges .	The judges recommended the scientist .	non-entailment
The actor by the managers recognized the presidents .	The presidents recognized the actor .	non-entailment
The tourists next to the scientists avoided the secretaries .	The secretaries avoided the tourists .	non-entailment
The students behind the actor mentioned the secretaries .	The secretaries mentioned the actor .	non-entailment
The manager introduced the tourist next to the doctors .	The doctors introduced the manager .	non-entailment
The tourists encouraged the author in front of the scientist .	The scientist encouraged the tourists .	non-entailment
The actors advised the athlete behind the senator .	The senator advised the actors .	non-entailment
The judge recognized the scientists next to the banker .	The scientists recognized the judge .	non-entailment
The lawyer contacted the students behind the banker .	The banker contacted the lawyer .	non-entailment
The artist encouraged the secretary behind the lawyer .	The secretary encouraged the lawyer .	non-entailment
The senators supported the judge near the tourist .	The judge supported the senators .	non-entailment
The actors recommended the lawyers by the managers .	The lawyers recommended the managers .	non-entailment
The actors recognized the secretaries near the lawyer .	The lawyer recognized the actors .	non-entailment
The judge contacted the doctors in front of the lawyer .	The lawyer contacted the judge .	non-entailment
The author supported the judge next to the scientist .	The judge supported the author .	non-entailment
The students recognized the banker by the athlete .	The athlete recognized the students .	non-entailment
The senator near the authors helped the judges .	The judges helped the senator .	non-entailment
The tourists next to the president believed the senators .	The president believed the tourists .	non-entailment
The lawyers near the author helped the professors .	The author helped the lawyers .	non-entailment
The lawyers introduced the judges in front of the secretaries .	The secretaries introduced the lawyers .	non-entailment
The judge called the tourist in front of the manager .	The manager called the judge .	non-entailment
The judge recognized the doctor behind the scientists .	The scientists recognized the judge .	non-entailment
The manager admired the secretary in front of the tourist .	The secretary admired the tourist .	non-entailment
The senators supported the professor in front of the actors .	The actors supported the senators .	non-entailment
The senator called the doctors near the student .	The doctors called the student .	non-entailment
The presidents by the secretaries advised the professor .	The professor advised the secretaries .	non-entailment
The president next to the actors called the athletes .	The athletes called the president .	non-entailment
The student mentioned the actors by the presidents .	The presidents mentioned the student .	non-entailment
The professors advised the senator near the lawyers .	The lawyers advised the professors .	non-entailment
The banker admired the tourists behind the professor .	The professor admired the banker .	non-entailment
The lawyer by the judges supported the manager .	The judges supported the lawyer .	non-entailment
The bankers mentioned the doctors next to the professors .	The doctors mentioned the professors .	non-entailment
The artist next to the athletes mentioned the scientist .	The athletes mentioned the artist .	non-entailment
The senators behind the managers contacted the tourists .	The tourists contacted the senators .	non-entailment
The student behind the artists called the athlete .	The athlete called the student .	non-entailment
The authors next to the artists avoided the scientists .	The scientists avoided the authors .	non-entailment
The judge introduced the tourist near the actor .	The tourist introduced the actor .	non-entailment
The banker by the doctors recommended the president .	The president recommended the doctors .	non-entailment
The doctor supported the authors near the lawyers .	The authors supported the doctor .	non-entailment
The scientist called the student behind the bankers .	The student called the bankers .	non-entailment
The lawyer in front of the scientists contacted the tourists .	The tourists contacted the lawyer .	non-entailment
The banker believed the secretary by the professors .	The secretary believed the banker .	non-entailment
The senator by the professor recognized the managers .	The professor recognized the senator .	non-entailment
The secretary behind the professor introduced the authors .	The professor introduced the secretary .	non-entailment
The judges next to the scientists admired the athlete .	The scientists admired the judges .	non-entailment
The actor in front of the bankers encouraged the athletes .	The athletes encouraged the bankers .	non-entailment
The presidents believed the secretaries behind the manager .	The secretaries believed the manager .	non-entailment
The athletes called the actors near the author .	The actors called the athletes .	non-entailment
The scientist in front of the doctors stopped the athlete .	The athlete stopped the scientist .	non-entailment
The students near the doctor called the scientists .	The scientists called the students .	non-entailment
The author recommended the artists near the secretary .	The artists recommended the author .	non-entailment
The lawyer by the scientists recommended the artists .	The scientists recommended the lawyer .	non-entailment
The professors near the students called the judges .	The students called the professors .	non-entailment
The authors near the students believed the manager .	The students believed the authors .	non-entailment
The banker behind the professor recognized the scientist .	The scientist recognized the professor .	non-entailment
The professor recommended the athletes near the judges .	The athletes recommended the judges .	non-entailment
The scientist recommended the secretaries in front of the judges .	The secretaries recommended the judges .	non-entailment
The actors near the secretaries recommended the judge .	The judge recommended the secretaries .	non-entailment
The artist by the tourist called the scientists .	The scientists called the tourist .	non-entailment
The lawyers admired the athlete in front of the president .	The athlete admired the lawyers .	non-entailment
The manager thanked the author behind the tourists .	The author thanked the manager .	non-entailment
The judges behind the athletes introduced the bankers .	The athletes introduced the judges .	non-entailment
The judges behind the scientist thanked the artists .	The scientist thanked the judges .	non-entailment
The scientist in front of the doctor recognized the artists .	The artists recognized the doctor .	non-entailment
The doctor behind the manager recognized the secretaries .	The manager recognized the doctor .	non-entailment
The professors by the doctor avoided the presidents .	The presidents avoided the professors .	non-entailment
The artists introduced the scientists in front of the students .	The scientists introduced the artists .	non-entailment
The senators believed the judges by the actor .	The judges believed the senators .	non-entailment
The actors next to the lawyer helped the tourist .	The tourist helped the lawyer .	non-entailment
The managers admired the artist in front of the judges .	The artist admired the managers .	non-entailment
The tourist next to the athlete contacted the senators .	The athlete contacted the tourist .	non-entailment
The secretaries near the presidents saw the tourist .	The tourist saw the presidents .	non-entailment
The doctor by the scientists believed the athletes .	The athletes believed the doctor .	non-entailment
The secretary recommended the student by the author .	The author recommended the secretary .	non-entailment
The artists recognized the authors in front of the secretary .	The secretary recognized the artists .	non-entailment
The scientists believed the senators by the lawyers .	The senators believed the lawyers .	non-entailment
The students behind the authors saw the doctor .	The authors saw the students .	non-entailment
The doctors introduced the athlete near the secretary .	The athlete introduced the secretary .	non-entailment
The doctor called the presidents behind the authors .	The presidents called the doctor .	non-entailment
The banker next to the authors thanked the athletes .	The authors thanked the banker .	non-entailment
The scientists behind the managers stopped the actors .	The managers stopped the scientists .	non-entailment
The artists advised the professor behind the judges .	The judges advised the artists .	non-entailment
The author in front of the senator admired the athletes .	The athletes admired the senator .	non-entailment
The artists helped the students in front of the athletes .	The students helped the artists .	non-entailment
The athlete helped the lawyer by the doctor .	The lawyer helped the athlete .	non-entailment
The president by the professors helped the athletes .	The athletes helped the professors .	non-entailment
The athlete in front of the judges mentioned the secretary .	The secretary mentioned the athlete .	non-entailment
The scientists supported the athletes near the professor .	The athletes supported the professor .	non-entailment
The judge by the scientist helped the senators .	The scientist helped the judge .	non-entailment
The secretary thanked the managers behind the judge .	The managers thanked the judge .	non-entailment
The lawyer contacted the manager behind the doctor .	The doctor contacted the lawyer .	non-entailment
The artists near the professors recommended the author .	The author recommended the artists .	non-entailment
The lawyer saw the doctors in front of the president .	The doctors saw the lawyer .	non-entailment
The manager by the athlete recommended the bankers .	The bankers recommended the athlete .	non-entailment
The artists saw the tourists in front of the managers .	The tourists saw the managers .	non-entailment
The lawyer supported the actor in front of the author .	The actor supported the lawyer .	non-entailment
The athletes behind the students thanked the presidents .	The presidents thanked the students .	non-entailment
The judges introduced the artist next to the tourist .	The tourist introduced the judges .	non-entailment
The bankers near the senators mentioned the authors .	The authors mentioned the senators .	non-entailment
The senators introduced the athlete near the doctor .	The doctor introduced the senators .	non-entailment
The manager introduced the tourists next to the scientist .	The scientist introduced the manager .	non-entailment
The senators in front of the athletes advised the actor .	The athletes advised the senators .	non-entailment
The tourists encouraged the doctors behind the athlete .	The doctors encouraged the tourists .	non-entailment
The presidents advised the scientists in front of the professors .	The professors advised the presidents .	non-entailment
The lawyer behind the president introduced the artists .	The artists introduced the lawyer .	non-entailment
The professors stopped the managers near the scientists .	The managers stopped the professors .	non-entailment
The secretaries helped the lawyers in front of the tourists .	The lawyers helped the tourists .	non-entailment
The tourists near the bankers supported the judge .	The judge supported the bankers .	non-entailment
The manager admired the tourist in front of the author .	The author admired the manager .	non-entailment
The students stopped the senator in front of the judges .	The judges stopped the students .	non-entailment
The doctor by the judges recognized the tourists .	The tourists recognized the judges .	non-entailment
The banker in front of the manager stopped the artist .	The artist stopped the manager .	non-entailment
The lawyers by the managers believed the student .	The student believed the lawyers .	non-entailment
The artist helped the managers next to the tourists .	The managers helped the artist .	non-entailment
The senator near the professors avoided the manager .	The manager avoided the senator .	non-entailment
The bankers recognized the scientist near the senator .	The scientist recognized the senator .	non-entailment
The secretary avoided the president next to the judges .	The judges avoided the secretary .	non-entailment
The tourists next to the authors admired the bankers .	The bankers admired the tourists .	non-entailment
The tourist next to the secretaries recognized the author .	The secretaries recognized the tourist .	non-entailment
The tourists introduced the bankers next to the judges .	The bankers introduced the judges .	non-entailment
The doctors behind the judges believed the students .	The students believed the judges .	non-entailment
The doctors helped the secretaries near the actors .	The actors helped the doctors .	non-entailment
The artists next to the banker supported the presidents .	The presidents supported the banker .	non-entailment
The manager behind the professor introduced the judge .	The professor introduced the manager .	non-entailment
The tourists advised the actor in front of the managers .	The managers advised the tourists .	non-entailment
The senators helped the actor behind the secretary .	The actor helped the secretary .	non-entailment
The artists encouraged the secretaries near the professor .	The secretaries encouraged the artists .	non-entailment
The senators introduced the students near the author .	The author introduced the senators .	non-entailment
The author behind the doctor admired the students .	The students admired the author .	non-entailment
The judge behind the senators encouraged the author .	The author encouraged the judge .	non-entailment
The authors in front of the presidents thanked the students .	The students thanked the presidents .	non-entailment
The athletes in front of the doctors avoided the judge .	The judge avoided the doctors .	non-entailment
The banker in front of the doctor believed the secretaries .	The secretaries believed the doctor .	non-entailment
The secretary in front of the artist recommended the doctor .	The artist recommended the secretary .	non-entailment
The doctor in front of the authors recommended the secretary .	The secretary recommended the doctor .	non-entailment
The senators advised the lawyer in front of the artist .	The artist advised the senators .	non-entailment
The author avoided the tourists near the judge .	The tourists avoided the judge .	non-entailment
The bankers believed the lawyer next to the judge .	The lawyer believed the bankers .	non-entailment
The athletes recommended the scientist behind the professors .	The scientist recommended the athletes .	non-entailment
The student contacted the actor near the artist .	The actor contacted the artist .	non-entailment
The professor saw the senator next to the judges .	The senator saw the professor .	non-entailment
The managers near the presidents believed the author .	The author believed the presidents .	non-entailment
The lawyers next to the doctor supported the student .	The doctor supported the lawyers .	non-entailment
The students advised the senator in front of the doctor .	The senator advised the students .	non-entailment
The lawyers recognized the artists near the judge .	The judge recognized the lawyers .	non-entailment
The professor contacted the senators next to the scientists .	The senators contacted the scientists .	non-entailment
The lawyers avoided the author in front of the actors .	The actors avoided the lawyers .	non-entailment
The student recommended the manager next to the doctors .	The manager recommended the student .	non-entailment
The judge introduced the artists in front of the senator .	The senator introduced the judge .	non-entailment
The judge called the senator behind the secretary .	The senator called the secretary .	non-entailment
The professor in front of the actor believed the judges .	The actor believed the professor .	non-entailment
The scientists behind the secretaries recommended the students .	The students recommended the scientists .	non-entailment
The senators next to the scientists thanked the lawyers .	The lawyers thanked the scientists .	non-entailment
The senator by the presidents introduced the lawyer .	The presidents introduced the senator .	non-entailment
The doctor helped the secretaries near the lawyer .	The secretaries helped the lawyer .	non-entailment
The athletes encouraged the actor next to the senators .	The senators encouraged the athletes .	non-entailment
The secretary recommended the scientist by the senators .	The scientist recommended the secretary .	non-entailment
The banker in front of the athletes believed the scientist .	The scientist believed the banker .	non-entailment
The professor recognized the students near the lawyer .	The lawyer recognized the professor .	non-entailment
The senators admired the students behind the judges .	The judges admired the senators .	non-entailment
The manager next to the secretaries recognized the artist .	The artist recognized the secretaries .	non-entailment
The managers admired the secretaries next to the athletes .	The secretaries admired the athletes .	non-entailment
The doctor avoided the senator next to the actor .	The senator avoided the doctor .	non-entailment
The author in front of the doctors saw the presidents .	The doctors saw the author .	non-entailment
The professor in front of the doctors supported the judge .	The judge supported the professor .	non-entailment
The secretaries by the student recommended the professor .	The professor recommended the student .	non-entailment
The banker helped the athletes by the actor .	The athletes helped the actor .	non-entailment
The artists behind the doctor admired the banker .	The banker admired the doctor .	non-entailment
The lawyers stopped the scientists behind the banker .	The scientists stopped the lawyers .	non-entailment
The judge behind the senators thanked the artist .	The artist thanked the senators .	non-entailment
The president next to the banker admired the tourist .	The tourist admired the president .	non-entailment
The students avoided the scientist by the judges .	The scientist avoided the judges .	non-entailment
The manager recommended the secretaries near the professors .	The secretaries recommended the professors .	non-entailment
The artists introduced the secretaries behind the tourists .	The secretaries introduced the artists .	non-entailment
The judge believed the author near the artists .	The artists believed the judge .	non-entailment
The tourists in front of the secretaries introduced the judge .	The judge introduced the secretaries .	non-entailment
The professors contacted the president in front of the authors .	The authors contacted the professors .	non-entailment
The presidents behind the athletes thanked the tourist .	The tourist thanked the presidents .	non-entailment
The judges supported the author next to the manager .	The author supported the judges .	non-entailment
The presidents by the professors encouraged the judges .	The judges encouraged the presidents .	non-entailment
The actor contacted the managers behind the judges .	The judges contacted the actor .	non-entailment
The scientist behind the authors recognized the artist .	The artist recognized the scientist .	non-entailment
The professor next to the actors believed the judges .	The judges believed the professor .	non-entailment
The athlete supported the managers by the banker .	The managers supported the banker .	non-entailment
The president supported the professor behind the students .	The professor supported the president .	non-entailment
The scientist behind the judge advised the professor .	The professor advised the scientist .	non-entailment
The athletes next to the president encouraged the professor .	The professor encouraged the president .	non-entailment
The authors near the secretaries mentioned the artists .	The artists mentioned the authors .	non-entailment
The scientist in front of the lawyers avoided the senator .	The senator avoided the scientist .	non-entailment
The managers avoided the tourists next to the professors .	The tourists avoided the managers .	non-entailment
The managers encouraged the tourists near the lawyers .	The lawyers encouraged the managers .	non-entailment
The author by the senators stopped the presidents .	The presidents stopped the author .	non-entailment
The artist supported the senators in front of the judge .	The judge supported the artist .	non-entailment
The actor helped the professors behind the doctors .	The professors helped the doctors .	non-entailment
The bankers avoided the students by the lawyers .	The lawyers avoided the bankers .	non-entailment
The doctors by the judges avoided the author .	The author avoided the doctors .	non-entailment
The lawyer next to the judge mentioned the students .	The judge mentioned the lawyer .	non-entailment
The professor admired the bankers in front of the secretary .	The bankers admired the secretary .	non-entailment
The actors who advised the manager saw the tourists .	The manager saw the actors .	non-entailment
The student who the senators thanked stopped the scientist .	The scientist stopped the student .	non-entailment
The judges admired the lawyers that supported the secretaries .	The lawyers admired the the secretaries .	non-entailment
The authors contacted the tourist that saw the professor .	The professor contacted the authors .	non-entailment
The tourists who the lawyer helped encouraged the judges .	The judges encouraged the lawyer .	non-entailment
The actors helped the senators who thanked the professors .	The senators helped the the professors .	non-entailment
The manager who the tourists advised introduced the judge .	The tourists introduced the manager .	non-entailment
The lawyer saw the senators that recommended the tourists .	The tourists saw the lawyer .	non-entailment
The bankers admired the lawyer that the students supported .	The lawyer admired the students .	non-entailment
The lawyers that contacted the tourists recognized the actors .	The tourists recognized the lawyers .	non-entailment
The artist that advised the student believed the athlete .	The student believed the artist .	non-entailment
The judges who admired the student helped the authors .	The authors helped the judges .	non-entailment
The author thanked the secretary that encouraged the athlete .	The secretary thanked the author .	non-entailment
The scientists believed the athlete that the actor introduced .	The athlete believed the actor .	non-entailment
The actors stopped the scientists who the senator thanked .	The scientists stopped the senator .	non-entailment
The doctor supported the judge who the artist encouraged .	The judge supported the artist .	non-entailment
The author believed the lawyers that the managers introduced .	The managers believed the author .	non-entailment
The scientist who called the secretaries saw the authors .	The secretaries saw the scientist .	non-entailment
The secretaries helped the managers who the lawyers recommended .	The lawyers helped the secretaries .	non-entailment
The judges who contacted the secretary encouraged the athlete .	The athlete encouraged the secretary .	non-entailment
The artists that contacted the actor saw the scientist .	The scientist saw the actor .	non-entailment
The professor that helped the students contacted the athletes .	The athletes contacted the professor .	non-entailment
The professor avoided the secretary who the judges contacted .	The judges avoided the professor .	non-entailment
The manager contacted the tourist who the student saw .	The tourist contacted the student .	non-entailment
The tourist thanked the bankers that the lawyer believed .	The bankers thanked the lawyer .	non-entailment
The actor avoided the scientists that the presidents saw .	The scientists avoided the presidents .	non-entailment
The artists mentioned the professor that contacted the president .	The professor mentioned the the president .	non-entailment
The manager saw the lawyer who the author believed .	The lawyer saw the author .	non-entailment
The scientists admired the professor that the manager believed .	The manager admired the scientists .	non-entailment
The senator admired the artists who helped the manager .	The artists admired the senator .	non-entailment
The scientist stopped the lawyers that saw the author .	The author stopped the scientist .	non-entailment
The lawyers advised the professors that the student encouraged .	The professors advised the lawyers .	non-entailment
The author recognized the student who avoided the artist .	The student recognized the author .	non-entailment
The student believed the lawyers that the doctor advised .	The lawyers believed the doctor .	non-entailment
The scientist that thanked the secretaries introduced the manager .	The manager introduced the secretaries .	non-entailment
The artists that mentioned the manager recognized the authors .	The manager recognized the artists .	non-entailment
The doctors who thanked the artists supported the authors .	The artists supported the doctors .	non-entailment
The banker who the artist recommended encouraged the athlete .	The artist encouraged the banker .	non-entailment
The judges who the tourist stopped thanked the banker .	The banker thanked the judges .	non-entailment
The tourist mentioned the scientists who the secretaries recommended .	The scientists mentioned the secretaries .	non-entailment
The actors who recommended the senators called the artists .	The artists called the senators .	non-entailment
The presidents that the secretaries advised called the doctor .	The doctor called the presidents .	non-entailment
The president supported the judges who the banker avoided .	The judges supported the banker .	non-entailment
The manager who mentioned the senator supported the doctor .	The senator supported the manager .	non-entailment
The secretaries who helped the manager called the actor .	The manager called the secretaries .	non-entailment
The judge supported the artists that stopped the professor .	The artists supported the judge .	non-entailment
The athlete who the banker called advised the scientist .	The scientist advised the banker .	non-entailment
The secretary who the artists avoided contacted the professors .	The artists contacted the secretary .	non-entailment
The manager thanked the tourist that the doctors stopped .	The tourist thanked the manager .	non-entailment
The managers mentioned the lawyers that the presidents thanked .	The lawyers mentioned the presidents .	non-entailment
The doctors admired the presidents who the artist introduced .	The artist admired the doctors .	non-entailment
The tourists recognized the scientist that the manager mentioned .	The scientist recognized the tourists .	non-entailment
The author saw the artist that the senator admired .	The senator saw the author .	non-entailment
The authors who the bankers thanked believed the athlete .	The athlete believed the bankers .	non-entailment
The scientist who the judges supported stopped the author .	The author stopped the scientist .	non-entailment
The secretaries that the bankers thanked stopped the judges .	The judges stopped the secretaries .	non-entailment
The author helped the doctors who stopped the judges .	The doctors helped the author .	non-entailment
The president called the judge that the artists admired .	The judge called the president .	non-entailment
The doctor avoided the judges that encouraged the student .	The judges avoided the doctor .	non-entailment
The student who the secretaries supported thanked the president .	The president thanked the student .	non-entailment
The author recommended the actors who recognized the bankers .	The bankers recommended the author .	non-entailment
The president who the lawyers helped believed the tourist .	The lawyers believed the president .	non-entailment
The doctor advised the presidents that the manager called .	The presidents advised the manager .	non-entailment
The secretary who the student stopped advised the scientist .	The scientist advised the student .	non-entailment
The presidents advised the bankers that called the secretary .	The bankers advised the the secretary .	non-entailment
The authors who the athlete encouraged introduced the tourists .	The tourists introduced the athlete .	non-entailment
The managers contacted the banker who thanked the artists .	The artists contacted the managers .	non-entailment
The author advised the tourists that the manager supported .	The tourists advised the author .	non-entailment
The lawyers advised the secretary who recommended the scientist .	The scientist advised the lawyers .	non-entailment
The students recommended the professors who admired the scientists .	The professors recommended the students .	non-entailment
The doctors that helped the bankers called the scientist .	The scientist called the bankers .	non-entailment
The judge that the student recognized mentioned the bankers .	The bankers mentioned the student .	non-entailment
The professors that the senators recommended admired the bankers .	The senators admired the professors .	non-entailment
The artist admired the scientists that saw the judge .	The scientists admired the the judge .	non-entailment
The senator stopped the author who the president introduced .	The president stopped the senator .	non-entailment
The presidents supported the doctors that the manager called .	The manager supported the presidents .	non-entailment
The judge who the athlete contacted called the senators .	The athlete called the judge .	non-entailment
The students believed the bankers that the secretaries admired .	The secretaries believed the students .	non-entailment
The secretaries that the professor saw called the artist .	The professor called the secretaries .	non-entailment
The tourists admired the secretary that encouraged the managers .	The managers admired the tourists .	non-entailment
The doctor avoided the president who the manager contacted .	The manager avoided the doctor .	non-entailment
The bankers contacted the secretary who saw the athlete .	The secretary contacted the the athlete .	non-entailment
The athlete contacted the manager who the students admired .	The students contacted the athlete .	non-entailment
The president recommended the judges that the scientist introduced .	The scientist recommended the president .	non-entailment
The artist helped the tourists that believed the student .	The tourists helped the artist .	non-entailment
The senators that the manager contacted stopped the president .	The president stopped the manager .	non-entailment
The banker mentioned the judges that stopped the athletes .	The judges mentioned the banker .	non-entailment
The president that the athletes supported helped the student .	The student helped the president .	non-entailment
The senator supported the doctors who advised the banker .	The doctors supported the the banker .	non-entailment
The professors who the manager contacted believed the authors .	The authors believed the manager .	non-entailment
The artists that introduced the authors called the presidents .	The presidents called the authors .	non-entailment
The doctors who saw the judges helped the artist .	The artist helped the doctors .	non-entailment
The athlete saw the student that supported the authors .	The student saw the the authors .	non-entailment
The actors who introduced the judges supported the authors .	The authors supported the judges .	non-entailment
The scientists who the actors believed saw the lawyer .	The lawyer saw the scientists .	non-entailment
The president saw the doctor that contacted the lawyers .	The doctor saw the the lawyers .	non-entailment
The president that the scientists stopped admired the artists .	The scientists admired the president .	non-entailment
The artists mentioned the secretaries who recommended the tourists .	The secretaries mentioned the the tourists .	non-entailment
The artists avoided the student that the doctor encouraged .	The student avoided the doctor .	non-entailment
The senator that stopped the lawyers mentioned the doctors .	The doctors mentioned the senator .	non-entailment
The actor that the doctors mentioned contacted the secretary .	The doctors contacted the actor .	non-entailment
The senators who the secretary saw stopped the presidents .	The secretary stopped the senators .	non-entailment
The senators that the authors advised contacted the tourists .	The tourists contacted the senators .	non-entailment
The bankers thanked the doctors that supported the actors .	The actors thanked the bankers .	non-entailment
The manager thanked the artists that the senators believed .	The senators thanked the manager .	non-entailment
The artist who the author supported avoided the senator .	The senator avoided the artist .	non-entailment
The doctor mentioned the student who the lawyers saw .	The student mentioned the lawyers .	non-entailment
The author that the actor helped introduced the artists .	The artists introduced the author .	non-entailment
The tourist mentioned the judge who the scientists helped .	The scientists mentioned the tourist .	non-entailment
The senators who the manager called saw the president .	The president saw the senators .	non-entailment
The scientists that the secretary recognized called the artist .	The secretary called the scientists .	non-entailment
The senator saw the secretaries that avoided the tourist .	The tourist saw the senator .	non-entailment
The students who introduced the bankers saw the actor .	The actor saw the students .	non-entailment
The presidents who the tourists called saw the athletes .	The athletes saw the presidents .	non-entailment
The scientists contacted the actors who stopped the student .	The actors contacted the the student .	non-entailment
The senator contacted the scientist who recognized the professors .	The professors contacted the senator .	non-entailment
The banker believed the president who avoided the senator .	The president believed the banker .	non-entailment
The athletes who the presidents advised introduced the author .	The presidents introduced the athletes .	non-entailment
The presidents saw the senators who the athletes believed .	The senators saw the presidents .	non-entailment
The banker who recommended the athletes recognized the author .	The athletes recognized the banker .	non-entailment
The lawyer recognized the professor who the scientist avoided .	The professor recognized the scientist .	non-entailment
The actors who avoided the secretaries stopped the professor .	The professor stopped the actors .	non-entailment
The judge that the senators thanked recommended the secretary .	The secretary recommended the senators .	non-entailment
The professors that saw the presidents advised the bankers .	The presidents advised the professors .	non-entailment
The artists called the manager who the president thanked .	The manager called the artists .	non-entailment
The scientists contacted the secretary that called the athlete .	The secretary contacted the the athlete .	non-entailment
The senator encouraged the doctor who called the scientists .	The doctor encouraged the the scientists .	non-entailment
The senators who the authors admired avoided the tourists .	The tourists avoided the authors .	non-entailment
The senators contacted the artists that the professor believed .	The artists contacted the senators .	non-entailment
The secretaries that the athlete mentioned introduced the president .	The president introduced the athlete .	non-entailment
The scientists saw the senator that the doctors avoided .	The doctors saw the scientists .	non-entailment
The actor who the senator encouraged helped the manager .	The manager helped the senator .	non-entailment
The tourists admired the lawyers that believed the secretary .	The lawyers admired the the secretary .	non-entailment
The judge that called the scientists helped the professors .	The professors helped the scientists .	non-entailment
The actors that the scientists recognized mentioned the presidents .	The scientists mentioned the actors .	non-entailment
The secretary who the tourists introduced mentioned the judge .	The judge mentioned the secretary .	non-entailment
The athletes called the professor who the actors advised .	The actors called the athletes .	non-entailment
The secretary who the athletes recommended believed the actor .	The actor believed the secretary .	non-entailment
The judge that the artists contacted helped the doctor .	The artists helped the judge .	non-entailment
The presidents who the lawyer thanked called the senator .	The senator called the presidents .	non-entailment
The author that thanked the actors mentioned the managers .	The managers mentioned the author .	non-entailment
The senator that recommended the authors helped the scientist .	The scientist helped the authors .	non-entailment
The scientists advised the students that mentioned the president .	The president advised the scientists .	non-entailment
The student contacted the artists who recognized the doctors .	The artists contacted the the doctors .	non-entailment
The doctor supported the student that the tourist stopped .	The student supported the tourist .	non-entailment
The athlete that advised the scientists recognized the bankers .	The bankers recognized the scientists .	non-entailment
The student supported the lawyer who the secretaries contacted .	The lawyer supported the student .	non-entailment
The tourists introduced the doctors who the athletes recognized .	The athletes introduced the tourists .	non-entailment
The athletes who the president mentioned encouraged the tourists .	The president encouraged the athletes .	non-entailment
The scientists helped the lawyers that saw the judges .	The lawyers helped the the judges .	non-entailment
The secretary advised the scientist who recognized the presidents .	The scientist advised the the presidents .	non-entailment
The secretaries that introduced the authors advised the doctors .	The doctors advised the authors .	non-entailment
The banker who recognized the tourists stopped the actors .	The tourists stopped the banker .	non-entailment
The athletes recommended the author who admired the professor .	The professor recommended the athletes .	non-entailment
The senator admired the actor that the students saw .	The actor admired the senator .	non-entailment
The managers that the author called recommended the athlete .	The athlete recommended the author .	non-entailment
The manager who the athlete recognized avoided the presidents .	The presidents avoided the manager .	non-entailment
The banker that the students encouraged admired the athlete .	The athlete admired the students .	non-entailment
The scientist that stopped the secretaries recommended the professors .	The professors recommended the secretaries .	non-entailment
The students contacted the bankers who the senator encouraged .	The bankers contacted the students .	non-entailment
The actors who the athletes contacted advised the senator .	The senator advised the actors .	non-entailment
The student who the judges recommended contacted the senators .	The senators contacted the judges .	non-entailment
The tourist who the professors encouraged introduced the author .	The author introduced the professors .	non-entailment
The president who the athlete believed thanked the secretary .	The secretary thanked the athlete .	non-entailment
The banker that the actors advised thanked the student .	The student thanked the actors .	non-entailment
The secretary who recommended the senator mentioned the artist .	The senator mentioned the secretary .	non-entailment
The artist who the lawyers recognized introduced the manager .	The manager introduced the lawyers .	non-entailment
The students supported the professors who introduced the actors .	The professors supported the students .	non-entailment
The authors encouraged the tourists who the actor mentioned .	The tourists encouraged the authors .	non-entailment
The artist introduced the doctor that the students saw .	The doctor introduced the students .	non-entailment
The banker helped the professor who the actor called .	The actor helped the banker .	non-entailment
The artist mentioned the bankers that the authors called .	The authors mentioned the artist .	non-entailment
The scientists who the tourist helped called the doctor .	The tourist called the scientists .	non-entailment
The authors avoided the doctor who supported the manager .	The doctor avoided the authors .	non-entailment
The bankers who encouraged the artist called the lawyers .	The artist called the bankers .	non-entailment
The managers that the artist recognized encouraged the authors .	The authors encouraged the managers .	non-entailment
The scientist called the professors that recognized the students .	The students called the scientist .	non-entailment
The scientists who supported the professors recognized the students .	The students recognized the scientists .	non-entailment
The secretary helped the banker that the authors avoided .	The banker helped the authors .	non-entailment
The authors who advised the tourists saw the presidents .	The tourists saw the authors .	non-entailment
The actor who the banker believed helped the manager .	The manager helped the banker .	non-entailment
The student thanked the artists that admired the scientist .	The scientist thanked the student .	non-entailment
The president called the author who encouraged the judge .	The judge called the president .	non-entailment
The doctors encouraged the president that the judges avoided .	The president encouraged the doctors .	non-entailment
The actor who avoided the artist believed the student .	The student believed the actor .	non-entailment
The authors that encouraged the actors avoided the lawyers .	The lawyers avoided the actors .	non-entailment
The athletes avoided the artist that the actors mentioned .	The actors avoided the athletes .	non-entailment
The tourists advised the artists who called the doctor .	The artists advised the tourists .	non-entailment
The judges called the bankers who recommended the doctor .	The bankers called the judges .	non-entailment
The secretaries that contacted the senator saw the judge .	The judge saw the senator .	non-entailment
The manager that helped the lawyer supported the professor .	The professor supported the lawyer .	non-entailment
The tourist called the banker who contacted the lawyer .	The lawyer called the tourist .	non-entailment
The lawyer encouraged the scientist who the tourist advised .	The tourist encouraged the lawyer .	non-entailment
The secretaries stopped the doctors that called the president .	The doctors stopped the the president .	non-entailment
The banker recognized the student who recommended the president .	The student recognized the banker .	non-entailment
The scientist who the actors thanked contacted the banker .	The banker contacted the scientist .	non-entailment
The banker believed the author who avoided the managers .	The managers believed the banker .	non-entailment
The artist that supported the professors believed the judges .	The judges believed the professors .	non-entailment
The authors recommended the senators that believed the tourist .	The tourist recommended the authors .	non-entailment
The authors that mentioned the students believed the manager .	The students believed the authors .	non-entailment
The student helped the doctor that recommended the tourists .	The doctor helped the student .	non-entailment
The actors avoided the senator that admired the secretaries .	The senator avoided the actors .	non-entailment
The scientists recommended the bankers who the judge stopped .	The judge recommended the scientists .	non-entailment
The secretary who the bankers called stopped the doctor .	The bankers stopped the secretary .	non-entailment
The artists that the scientists advised thanked the managers .	The managers thanked the artists .	non-entailment
The professor thanked the senators who avoided the author .	The senators thanked the the author .	non-entailment
The student who believed the scientists recommended the tourist .	The scientists recommended the student .	non-entailment
The secretary who the author mentioned stopped the presidents .	The presidents stopped the author .	non-entailment
The students who mentioned the judge called the actors .	The actors called the students .	non-entailment
The doctor thanked the senators who the actor advised .	The senators thanked the actor .	non-entailment
The tourist that the presidents contacted helped the actor .	The actor helped the tourist .	non-entailment
The tourists mentioned the student who the manager thanked .	The student mentioned the tourists .	non-entailment
The students stopped the lawyer that the judges saw .	The judges stopped the students .	non-entailment
The secretaries who the athlete called mentioned the author .	The athlete mentioned the secretaries .	non-entailment
The professors who saw the tourist introduced the actor .	The actor introduced the professors .	non-entailment
The artist recommended the students that saw the senator .	The students recommended the artist .	non-entailment
The tourists contacted the actors that thanked the athletes .	The actors contacted the tourists .	non-entailment
The presidents that the lawyers stopped contacted the scientist .	The scientist contacted the presidents .	non-entailment
The tourists helped the judge that introduced the authors .	The judge helped the tourists .	non-entailment
The author that advised the athletes saw the students .	The students saw the author .	non-entailment
The lawyers that mentioned the artist supported the senator .	The senator supported the artist .	non-entailment
The artists contacted the actors that the author saw .	The actors contacted the artists .	non-entailment
The scientist that thanked the lawyer admired the professor .	The lawyer admired the scientist .	non-entailment
The actor contacted the tourists that the banker saw .	The banker contacted the actor .	non-entailment
The tourist called the judge who saw the actors .	The judge called the the actors .	non-entailment
The actor who recommended the artist contacted the professor .	The artist contacted the actor .	non-entailment
The author who recommended the lawyer stopped the actors .	The actors stopped the author .	non-entailment
The presidents called the athlete that thanked the judge .	The judge called the presidents .	non-entailment
The managers who thanked the professor believed the senators .	The senators believed the managers .	non-entailment
The doctor that the bankers contacted helped the judges .	The judges helped the doctor .	non-entailment
The tourists that supported the authors contacted the senator .	The authors contacted the tourists .	non-entailment
The athletes helped the professor that the secretaries believed .	The secretaries helped the athletes .	non-entailment
The actor who introduced the senator advised the athletes .	The athletes advised the senator .	non-entailment
The scientist helped the doctor who the managers admired .	The managers helped the scientist .	non-entailment
The presidents that thanked the judges encouraged the professors .	The professors encouraged the judges .	non-entailment
The actor helped the artist who recognized the authors .	The artist helped the the authors .	non-entailment
The managers who saw the athletes believed the tourist .	The tourist believed the athletes .	non-entailment
The doctor that recognized the president admired the artists .	The artists admired the doctor .	non-entailment
The lawyers that the presidents advised recommended the banker .	The presidents recommended the lawyers .	non-entailment
The doctor that the manager introduced avoided the artist .	The manager avoided the doctor .	non-entailment
The presidents helped the authors that the athletes mentioned .	The authors helped the athletes .	non-entailment
The senator that the actors thanked advised the judges .	The judges advised the senator .	non-entailment
The actors that the judge encouraged contacted the tourists .	The tourists contacted the actors .	non-entailment
The students who the athletes thanked helped the manager .	The manager helped the athletes .	non-entailment
The actors saw the secretaries that called the scientist .	The secretaries saw the actors .	non-entailment
The presidents who admired the managers supported the doctors .	The doctors supported the managers .	non-entailment
The students who contacted the judges recognized the scientist .	The scientist recognized the judges .	non-entailment
The athletes believed the doctors that stopped the author .	The doctors believed the athletes .	non-entailment
The lawyer that the scientists recognized mentioned the athletes .	The athletes mentioned the scientists .	non-entailment
The student who admired the doctors recommended the bankers .	The doctors recommended the student .	non-entailment
The managers that avoided the scientist contacted the actors .	The actors contacted the managers .	non-entailment
The tourists that the artist admired thanked the students .	The students thanked the tourists .	non-entailment
The doctors mentioned the secretary who recommended the judge .	The secretary mentioned the doctors .	non-entailment
The doctors that the athlete encouraged saw the bankers .	The bankers saw the athlete .	non-entailment
The athletes who the artists avoided recognized the author .	The author recognized the athletes .	non-entailment
The artist that the lawyer introduced contacted the senators .	The senators contacted the artist .	non-entailment
The scientists mentioned the president who the athletes avoided .	The president mentioned the athletes .	non-entailment
The authors that the lawyer avoided supported the manager .	The manager supported the authors .	non-entailment
The secretary that contacted the judges stopped the artist .	The artist stopped the secretary .	non-entailment
The judge mentioned the actors who the student called .	The actors mentioned the judge .	non-entailment
The actors who the president stopped contacted the judge .	The president contacted the actors .	non-entailment
The scientists that advised the student recommended the doctor .	The doctor recommended the scientists .	non-entailment
The president that the banker mentioned recommended the doctor .	The doctor recommended the banker .	non-entailment
The president believed the tourist that saw the judges .	The judges believed the president .	non-entailment
The manager called the president that the scientists believed .	The president called the scientists .	non-entailment
The actor that avoided the athlete supported the tourist .	The athlete supported the actor .	non-entailment
The bankers helped the managers who the president recommended .	The president helped the bankers .	non-entailment
The judge advised the secretary who encouraged the professors .	The secretary advised the the professors .	non-entailment
The tourists admired the managers that helped the athletes .	The managers admired the tourists .	non-entailment
The artists who stopped the tourists admired the president .	The president admired the tourists .	non-entailment
The lawyer introduced the banker that contacted the authors .	The banker introduced the the authors .	non-entailment
The manager contacted the bankers that the student recognized .	The bankers contacted the student .	non-entailment
The students that contacted the doctor thanked the president .	The president thanked the students .	non-entailment
The judge that recommended the doctors advised the president .	The doctors advised the judge .	non-entailment
The scientists thanked the doctors that the athlete believed .	The doctors thanked the scientists .	non-entailment
The athlete supported the author who the student recommended .	The author supported the athlete .	non-entailment
The judge that the manager admired mentioned the actor .	The actor mentioned the judge .	non-entailment
The doctor who recognized the presidents believed the lawyer .	The lawyer believed the presidents .	non-entailment
The secretaries stopped the president who saw the tourist .	The president stopped the the tourist .	non-entailment
The athletes who the tourists recognized thanked the president .	The president thanked the athletes .	non-entailment
The senators avoided the professor that the judges advised .	The judges avoided the senators .	non-entailment
The lawyers stopped the student who recommended the secretaries .	The student stopped the the secretaries .	non-entailment
The lawyers who the judge encouraged helped the secretaries .	The secretaries helped the lawyers .	non-entailment
The managers who admired the senators avoided the artists .	The artists avoided the managers .	non-entailment
The secretary encouraged the author that recognized the judge .	The author encouraged the secretary .	non-entailment
The tourist who recognized the authors thanked the scientist .	The scientist thanked the authors .	non-entailment
The scientists who helped the athletes avoided the actor .	The actor avoided the scientists .	non-entailment
The banker who introduced the lawyer helped the actor .	The actor helped the lawyer .	non-entailment
The secretary admired the scientist who the president avoided .	The scientist admired the secretary .	non-entailment
The tourists that the president recommended encouraged the banker .	The banker encouraged the president .	non-entailment
The managers believed the senator that the banker recognized .	The senator believed the banker .	non-entailment
The scientists avoided the senators that helped the lawyers .	The senators avoided the scientists .	non-entailment
The president who helped the athletes avoided the doctors .	The athletes avoided the president .	non-entailment
The manager avoided the senator that saw the judge .	The judge avoided the manager .	non-entailment
The doctors that the president advised recognized the student .	The student recognized the doctors .	non-entailment
The professor that the lawyers avoided believed the secretaries .	The secretaries believed the professor .	non-entailment
The authors who the artists supported recommended the tourist .	The artists recommended the authors .	non-entailment
The secretary that admired the judges thanked the actor .	The judges thanked the secretary .	non-entailment
The tourist recommended the student that the lawyers avoided .	The student recommended the lawyers .	non-entailment
The athlete contacted the tourist who mentioned the bankers .	The tourist contacted the the bankers .	non-entailment
The student helped the tourists that the banker stopped .	The tourists helped the banker .	non-entailment
The judges supported the actors that the student recognized .	The actors supported the student .	non-entailment
The doctors who encouraged the judges called the lawyers .	The judges called the doctors .	non-entailment
The presidents who supported the judges saw the bankers .	The judges saw the presidents .	non-entailment
The athletes called the manager that thanked the president .	The president called the athletes .	non-entailment
The actor admired the athlete who stopped the manager .	The athlete admired the the manager .	non-entailment
The author that advised the managers contacted the senator .	The managers contacted the author .	non-entailment
The judges that the authors believed thanked the professors .	The professors thanked the judges .	non-entailment
The scientists who introduced the banker encouraged the doctors .	The doctors encouraged the banker .	non-entailment
The banker who believed the author recommended the secretary .	The secretary recommended the banker .	non-entailment
The athletes recognized the actors who mentioned the professor .	The actors recognized the athletes .	non-entailment
The president who the authors contacted encouraged the manager .	The manager encouraged the authors .	non-entailment
The professors who the tourists advised introduced the secretary .	The secretary introduced the tourists .	non-entailment
The presidents who the manager supported recommended the professors .	The professors recommended the manager .	non-entailment
The secretaries supported the banker that called the artist .	The banker supported the the artist .	non-entailment
The presidents who the senator recommended believed the lawyers .	The lawyers believed the presidents .	non-entailment
The artists introduced the professor that the athlete recommended .	The athlete introduced the artists .	non-entailment
The manager recognized the professor who saw the authors .	The professor recognized the manager .	non-entailment
The professors contacted the manager that saw the senator .	The manager contacted the the senator .	non-entailment
The secretary saw the artist that recommended the doctor .	The artist saw the the doctor .	non-entailment
The professor contacted the banker that stopped the author .	The banker contacted the the author .	non-entailment
The athlete who helped the doctors called the scientist .	The scientist called the athlete .	non-entailment
The presidents that the manager believed recommended the lawyer .	The lawyer recommended the manager .	non-entailment
The managers that the lawyer encouraged believed the scientists .	The scientists believed the managers .	non-entailment
The professor called the president who believed the doctor .	The president called the the doctor .	non-entailment
The manager who the doctors called advised the students .	The doctors advised the manager .	non-entailment
The athletes that encouraged the secretary mentioned the authors .	The secretary mentioned the athletes .	non-entailment
The authors recommended the actor who stopped the doctors .	The actor recommended the the doctors .	non-entailment
The artist that called the secretary recognized the actors .	The actors recognized the secretary .	non-entailment
The authors stopped the lawyer that avoided the doctor .	The doctor stopped the authors .	non-entailment
The students called the bankers who the actors recognized .	The actors called the students .	non-entailment
The professors avoided the lawyer who the senator thanked .	The lawyer avoided the senator .	non-entailment
The scientist recognized the authors who the judges contacted .	The judges recognized the scientist .	non-entailment
The tourists admired the secretary who the doctors mentioned .	The secretary admired the doctors .	non-entailment
The senators who the manager advised called the tourist .	The tourist called the senators .	non-entailment
The secretary supported the authors that introduced the judge .	The authors supported the secretary .	non-entailment
The senators encouraged the scientists who contacted the tourist .	The scientists encouraged the the tourist .	non-entailment
The tourist who supported the doctors believed the banker .	The banker believed the tourist .	non-entailment
The artists who mentioned the bankers saw the author .	The author saw the bankers .	non-entailment
The tourist introduced the lawyers who the scientist supported .	The scientist introduced the tourist .	non-entailment
The doctors mentioned the bankers who the scientists stopped .	The scientists mentioned the doctors .	non-entailment
The manager advised the judge who saw the professor .	The judge advised the manager .	non-entailment
The professor advised the student who believed the secretaries .	The student advised the the secretaries .	non-entailment
The athletes believed the manager that recommended the senators .	The manager believed the athletes .	non-entailment
The secretaries admired the manager that the actors advised .	The actors admired the secretaries .	non-entailment
The judges thanked the professors that helped the secretary .	The secretary thanked the judges .	non-entailment
The secretary admired the doctors that the actor thanked .	The doctors admired the secretary .	non-entailment
The presidents helped the athlete who the actor encouraged .	The actor helped the presidents .	non-entailment
The artist avoided the president who the actor introduced .	The actor avoided the artist .	non-entailment
The authors encouraged the actors who the artist believed .	The actors encouraged the artist .	non-entailment
The lawyers who called the manager believed the authors .	The manager believed the lawyers .	non-entailment
The secretary who the athletes recognized stopped the tourists .	The tourists stopped the secretary .	non-entailment
The secretaries advised the professor that admired the scientists .	The professor advised the secretaries .	non-entailment
The senator that the doctor introduced advised the author .	The doctor advised the senator .	non-entailment
The actor that encouraged the tourists introduced the athlete .	The athlete introduced the tourists .	non-entailment
The author helped the lawyers that recommended the scientists .	The lawyers helped the author .	non-entailment
The senators that the judge recommended avoided the secretaries .	The secretaries avoided the judge .	non-entailment
The artists avoided the professors who introduced the doctor .	The professors avoided the the doctor .	non-entailment
The student that mentioned the professor recommended the judges .	The judges recommended the student .	non-entailment
The athletes recognized the lawyer that called the actor .	The lawyer recognized the athletes .	non-entailment
The lawyers who the secretary recommended believed the managers .	The secretary believed the lawyers .	non-entailment
The secretaries stopped the student who the doctors recognized .	The student stopped the secretaries .	non-entailment
The authors that the lawyers supported mentioned the senators .	The senators mentioned the lawyers .	non-entailment
The student who the professors recommended mentioned the doctors .	The doctors mentioned the student .	non-entailment
The artists thanked the lawyer that contacted the athlete .	The lawyer thanked the artists .	non-entailment
The judges encouraged the author who stopped the lawyers .	The author encouraged the judges .	non-entailment
The students who the artist supported thanked the tourist .	The tourist thanked the students .	non-entailment
The artist who avoided the doctors recommended the actor .	The doctors recommended the artist .	non-entailment
The manager mentioned the professor who avoided the athletes .	The professor mentioned the manager .	non-entailment
The judge that encouraged the athletes recognized the bankers .	The bankers recognized the athletes .	non-entailment
The athlete that admired the artist stopped the student .	The student stopped the athlete .	non-entailment
The bankers encouraged the professors who supported the senator .	The professors encouraged the the senator .	non-entailment
The lawyers recognized the scientists that the actors avoided .	The scientists recognized the actors .	non-entailment
The actors contacted the secretary that believed the lawyer .	The lawyer contacted the actors .	non-entailment
The scientists who the tourists avoided called the presidents .	The presidents called the scientists .	non-entailment
The doctor that the president believed introduced the professors .	The professors introduced the president .	non-entailment
The manager recommended the bankers who the judge contacted .	The judge recommended the manager .	non-entailment
The professor recognized the managers that supported the doctors .	The managers recognized the professor .	non-entailment
The scientists that the professor helped called the president .	The president called the professor .	non-entailment
The banker that the athletes believed called the artists .	The artists called the athletes .	non-entailment
The manager who admired the actor stopped the students .	The students stopped the manager .	non-entailment
The manager supported the senators that recommended the banker .	The senators supported the the banker .	non-entailment
The artist that helped the authors recognized the doctors .	The doctors recognized the authors .	non-entailment
The judges called the bankers who introduced the presidents .	The bankers called the judges .	non-entailment
The scientists avoided the athlete who the authors recognized .	The authors avoided the scientists .	non-entailment
The scientist stopped the secretaries who the doctor admired .	The doctor stopped the scientist .	non-entailment
The tourist who mentioned the president stopped the senators .	The senators stopped the president .	non-entailment
The professors who the judge avoided believed the actor .	The actor believed the professors .	non-entailment
The lawyer who called the artists supported the professor .	The professor supported the artists .	non-entailment
The artists who thanked the tourist helped the author .	The author helped the artists .	non-entailment
The judges thanked the senator that saw the secretary .	The secretary thanked the judges .	non-entailment
The athlete avoided the tourists who believed the president .	The tourists avoided the the president .	non-entailment
The senator called the lawyer who the athletes contacted .	The athletes called the senator .	non-entailment
The managers who called the scientists admired the students .	The students admired the managers .	non-entailment
The student recognized the tourist who the senator called .	The senator recognized the student .	non-entailment
The secretaries recommended the authors who encouraged the athlete .	The athlete recommended the secretaries .	non-entailment
The athletes saw the lawyers that thanked the doctor .	The lawyers saw the athletes .	non-entailment
The judge admired the secretary who the banker believed .	The secretary admired the banker .	non-entailment
The artist that advised the tourist mentioned the actors .	The actors mentioned the artist .	non-entailment
The managers recommended the lawyers who saw the president .	The lawyers recommended the the president .	non-entailment
The athletes who stopped the tourists supported the senator .	The tourists supported the athletes .	non-entailment
The tourist who contacted the professor believed the doctors .	The doctors believed the tourist .	non-entailment
The actor thanked the athlete that contacted the professor .	The professor thanked the actor .	non-entailment
The secretaries called the senators who stopped the president .	The senators called the the president .	non-entailment
The senator recognized the doctors that supported the professors .	The professors recognized the senator .	non-entailment
The scientists that recommended the tourist thanked the authors .	The authors thanked the tourist .	non-entailment
The doctor supported the banker who stopped the tourists .	The tourists supported the doctor .	non-entailment
The student supported the athletes who encouraged the lawyers .	The athletes supported the the lawyers .	non-entailment
The lawyer who admired the athlete stopped the author .	The author stopped the athlete .	non-entailment
The scientist who the artist helped admired the professors .	The artist admired the scientist .	non-entailment
The judge that the senator recommended helped the president .	The president helped the senator .	non-entailment
The scientists that helped the actor encouraged the authors .	The authors encouraged the scientists .	non-entailment
The authors who the tourist avoided mentioned the artist .	The artist mentioned the authors .	non-entailment
The authors recognized the judges that the manager believed .	The judges recognized the manager .	non-entailment
The bankers thanked the senators who recommended the actors .	The senators thanked the the actors .	non-entailment
The senators stopped the tourist who the doctor helped .	The tourist stopped the senators .	non-entailment
The judge that admired the scientist introduced the bankers .	The scientist introduced the judge .	non-entailment
The president contacted the doctor that advised the lawyers .	The doctor contacted the the lawyers .	non-entailment
The doctors who advised the tourist believed the judges .	The judges believed the doctors .	non-entailment
The athlete encouraged the students who the manager saw .	The students encouraged the athlete .	non-entailment
The doctor stopped the professor who supported the students .	The professor stopped the doctor .	non-entailment
The professors that the president called mentioned the actor .	The actor mentioned the professors .	non-entailment
The senators contacted the judge who the actors advised .	The judge contacted the actors .	non-entailment
The athlete stopped the lawyers who thanked the secretaries .	The secretaries stopped the athlete .	non-entailment
The students contacted the actors that recognized the senators .	The senators contacted the students .	non-entailment
The judge who the actors avoided thanked the scientists .	The scientists thanked the actors .	non-entailment
The judge who the scientists supported introduced the banker .	The scientists introduced the judge .	non-entailment
The lawyer that the bankers avoided encouraged the senators .	The senators encouraged the lawyer .	non-entailment
The professors mentioned the lawyer that advised the senators .	The lawyer mentioned the the senators .	non-entailment
The artists that the tourists mentioned encouraged the students .	The students encouraged the artists .	non-entailment
The actors avoided the lawyer that called the bankers .	The lawyer avoided the the bankers .	non-entailment
The athlete thanked the actor who the tourists saw .	The actor thanked the athlete .	non-entailment
The managers that called the student encouraged the artist .	The artist encouraged the managers .	non-entailment
The senators who stopped the judge saw the banker .	The judge saw the senators .	non-entailment
The actors that the managers advised helped the judge .	The judge helped the managers .	non-entailment
The president who admired the managers saw the professor .	The professor saw the managers .	non-entailment
The authors that mentioned the professor recommended the banker .	The banker recommended the professor .	non-entailment
The doctor believed the students that admired the bankers .	The bankers believed the doctor .	non-entailment
The banker who the lawyers stopped avoided the secretary .	The lawyers avoided the banker .	non-entailment
The actor that stopped the artists saw the students .	The artists saw the actor .	non-entailment
The lawyer who the students thanked recommended the artist .	The artist recommended the lawyer .	non-entailment
The students who the scientists contacted advised the doctors .	The doctors advised the students .	non-entailment
The secretaries recommended the president who the doctors thanked .	The president recommended the doctors .	non-entailment
The actors that encouraged the secretary introduced the doctors .	The secretary introduced the actors .	non-entailment
The judges admired the tourist who saw the student .	The tourist admired the the student .	non-entailment
The scientist mentioned the judges that the author saw .	The judges mentioned the author .	non-entailment
The students recommended the tourists that the president supported .	The tourists recommended the president .	non-entailment
The scientist contacted the professor who recognized the authors .	The professor contacted the the authors .	non-entailment
The doctor that the secretaries advised supported the actor .	The secretaries supported the doctor .	non-entailment
The presidents called the manager who the scientists recognized .	The manager called the scientists .	non-entailment
The professors called the secretaries that the doctors supported .	The doctors called the professors .	non-entailment
The presidents that the banker avoided admired the managers .	The banker admired the presidents .	non-entailment
The managers stopped the judge who the author recognized .	The judge stopped the author .	non-entailment
The bankers recommended the tourists that the authors saw .	The tourists recommended the bankers .	non-entailment
The students who the secretaries helped supported the actors .	The secretaries supported the students .	non-entailment
The actors who mentioned the judges supported the doctors .	The doctors supported the judges .	non-entailment
The doctors that the president mentioned helped the tourists .	The tourists helped the doctors .	non-entailment
The student stopped the scientists who the managers mentioned .	The scientists stopped the student .	non-entailment
The presidents contacted the doctors that encouraged the managers .	The managers contacted the presidents .	non-entailment
The lawyer stopped the judge that supported the students .	The judge stopped the lawyer .	non-entailment
The athletes advised the lawyer who admired the doctors .	The lawyer advised the athletes .	non-entailment
The scientists who the artists recognized advised the senators .	The senators advised the artists .	non-entailment
The president advised the tourists that the athletes stopped .	The tourists advised the athletes .	non-entailment
The secretary recommended the author who avoided the actor .	The author recommended the secretary .	non-entailment
The banker recognized the artist who the author recommended .	The author recognized the banker .	non-entailment
The tourists who recognized the bankers stopped the senator .	The bankers stopped the tourists .	non-entailment
The artist thanked the scientists that the doctor admired .	The scientists thanked the doctor .	non-entailment
The secretaries thanked the artist that contacted the senators .	The senators thanked the secretaries .	non-entailment
The athletes introduced the lawyers that recognized the bankers .	The bankers introduced the athletes .	non-entailment
The doctors recommended the managers who mentioned the professor .	The managers recommended the the professor .	non-entailment
The doctor supported the senator that the professors avoided .	The senator supported the doctor .	non-entailment
The doctor who advised the secretary thanked the athlete .	The athlete thanked the secretary .	non-entailment
The professor who believed the managers recommended the tourist .	The managers recommended the professor .	non-entailment
The author who the presidents called admired the scientist .	The scientist admired the author .	non-entailment
The athlete recommended the author who the president thanked .	The author recommended the athlete .	non-entailment
The artists who the managers called contacted the secretaries .	The secretaries contacted the managers .	non-entailment
The senators that the secretary saw admired the presidents .	The presidents admired the secretary .	non-entailment
The lawyers that recommended the managers avoided the bankers .	The bankers avoided the lawyers .	non-entailment
The doctor mentioned the scientist who the lawyers advised .	The scientist mentioned the lawyers .	non-entailment
The professors recognized the doctors that called the president .	The doctors recognized the the president .	non-entailment
The authors recognized the athlete that helped the president .	The president recognized the authors .	non-entailment
The judge that the banker encouraged recommended the secretaries .	The secretaries recommended the banker .	non-entailment
The tourists who called the authors saw the doctor .	The doctor saw the tourists .	non-entailment
The senators introduced the artist that supported the bankers .	The artist introduced the senators .	non-entailment
The doctors who the athletes avoided believed the artist .	The artist believed the doctors .	non-entailment
The author admired the judge who the senator contacted .	The judge admired the senator .	non-entailment
The senator who the lawyer encouraged admired the bankers .	The bankers admired the senator .	non-entailment
The tourists recognized the student who mentioned the presidents .	The student recognized the the presidents .	non-entailment
The professors saw the bankers who stopped the president .	The bankers saw the professors .	non-entailment
The artist helped the tourist that the professors avoided .	The tourist helped the professors .	non-entailment
The senator who the author saw called the president .	The president called the senator .	non-entailment
The student who the banker helped introduced the secretaries .	The secretaries introduced the student .	non-entailment
The lawyer contacted the senators who advised the authors .	The authors contacted the lawyer .	non-entailment
The doctors that believed the scientist helped the lawyers .	The scientist helped the doctors .	non-entailment
The authors encouraged the lawyer that the student supported .	The student encouraged the authors .	non-entailment
The author that mentioned the presidents admired the secretaries .	The presidents admired the author .	non-entailment
The athletes who avoided the doctors admired the managers .	The managers admired the athletes .	non-entailment
The students who the scientist stopped supported the lawyers .	The lawyers supported the students .	non-entailment
The doctors who introduced the senators believed the bankers .	The senators believed the doctors .	non-entailment
The senator admired the professors that encouraged the authors .	The authors admired the senator .	non-entailment
The athlete mentioned the professor that contacted the manager .	The professor mentioned the the manager .	non-entailment
The athlete recognized the senator that recommended the scientists .	The scientists recognized the athlete .	non-entailment
The doctor mentioned the author that the president avoided .	The president mentioned the doctor .	non-entailment
The student who the author mentioned contacted the judge .	The author contacted the student .	non-entailment
The student thanked the senators that stopped the tourists .	The tourists thanked the student .	non-entailment
The author saw the professor who the lawyer stopped .	The professor saw the lawyer .	non-entailment
The tourists called the lawyers that helped the actors .	The actors called the tourists .	non-entailment
The actors thanked the senators that the doctor recognized .	The senators thanked the actors .	non-entailment
The artists who the bankers recommended avoided the senator .	The senator avoided the artists .	non-entailment
The actors that stopped the author helped the manager .	The author helped the actors .	non-entailment
The professor recommended the scientists who avoided the presidents .	The scientists recommended the the presidents .	non-entailment
The actor who supported the manager encouraged the lawyer .	The lawyer encouraged the actor .	non-entailment
The artist that the senator mentioned thanked the bankers .	The bankers thanked the senator .	non-entailment
The senator recognized the manager who mentioned the secretaries .	The manager recognized the senator .	non-entailment
The artists that stopped the judge thanked the scientist .	The judge thanked the artists .	non-entailment
The artists who contacted the students introduced the professor .	The students introduced the artists .	non-entailment
The artists called the tourist who encouraged the presidents .	The tourist called the the presidents .	non-entailment
The student thanked the actors who encouraged the doctors .	The doctors thanked the student .	non-entailment
The tourists that contacted the manager called the doctor .	The manager called the tourists .	non-entailment
The secretary encouraged the tourist who contacted the doctor .	The tourist encouraged the the doctor .	non-entailment
The actors recommended the judge that the athlete advised .	The judge recommended the athlete .	non-entailment
The managers that introduced the professor mentioned the artists .	The artists mentioned the professor .	non-entailment
The student supported the senator who the actors helped .	The senator supported the actors .	non-entailment
The students that supported the bankers advised the secretary .	The secretary advised the students .	non-entailment
The judge that the secretary supported helped the doctors .	The doctors helped the secretary .	non-entailment
The actor that the managers contacted mentioned the senator .	The senator mentioned the managers .	non-entailment
The professor recommended the athletes that introduced the student .	The athletes recommended the professor .	non-entailment
The artist contacted the students who the athlete stopped .	The athlete contacted the artist .	non-entailment
The professors who recommended the actor thanked the tourist .	The tourist thanked the actor .	non-entailment
The lawyers that the tourists avoided saw the students .	The students saw the lawyers .	non-entailment
The tourist introduced the secretary that avoided the judges .	The secretary introduced the the judges .	non-entailment
The lawyer that mentioned the scientist called the tourist .	The tourist called the scientist .	non-entailment
The professor introduced the judges that contacted the presidents .	The judges introduced the professor .	non-entailment
The authors helped the judge who the senators supported .	The senators helped the authors .	non-entailment
The bankers who thanked the artist admired the scientists .	The scientists admired the bankers .	non-entailment
The actors admired the president that the lawyer thanked .	The lawyer admired the actors .	non-entailment
The tourist that introduced the artist thanked the scientist .	The artist thanked the tourist .	non-entailment
The presidents mentioned the scientist who the students supported .	The students mentioned the presidents .	non-entailment
The authors helped the tourists that the managers contacted .	The tourists helped the managers .	non-entailment
The senator who advised the tourists recommended the artists .	The tourists recommended the senator .	non-entailment
The president admired the managers that mentioned the scientist .	The managers admired the the scientist .	non-entailment
The judge called the president that the actors recommended .	The president called the actors .	non-entailment
The banker introduced the doctors that believed the students .	The doctors introduced the banker .	non-entailment
The president contacted the professors that the tourist helped .	The tourist contacted the president .	non-entailment
The authors who introduced the tourists called the senators .	The senators called the authors .	non-entailment
The student who the athletes recommended mentioned the scientists .	The scientists mentioned the student .	non-entailment
The judges that the artists supported called the presidents .	The presidents called the artists .	non-entailment
The bankers supported the manager who mentioned the author .	The manager supported the bankers .	non-entailment
The senator called the presidents who thanked the bankers .	The bankers called the senator .	non-entailment
The scientist that the lawyer encouraged stopped the student .	The student stopped the lawyer .	non-entailment
The actors who stopped the doctors saw the senator .	The doctors saw the actors .	non-entailment
The professor recognized the presidents that introduced the managers .	The presidents recognized the the managers .	non-entailment
The professor who the doctor introduced helped the judge .	The judge helped the doctor .	non-entailment
The judges recommended the doctor that recognized the manager .	The doctor recommended the the manager .	non-entailment
The manager that the authors stopped believed the doctors .	The doctors believed the manager .	non-entailment
The secretaries who the actor stopped contacted the lawyers .	The lawyers contacted the secretaries .	non-entailment
The scientist who the secretary avoided encouraged the actor .	The actor encouraged the scientist .	non-entailment
The lawyer that the tourists believed recommended the senator .	The senator recommended the tourists .	non-entailment
The banker who stopped the athletes admired the authors .	The authors admired the banker .	non-entailment
The athlete advised the actors that helped the professors .	The actors advised the athlete .	non-entailment
The athlete that the doctors advised stopped the student .	The student stopped the doctors .	non-entailment
The judges believed the author that encouraged the presidents .	The author believed the the presidents .	non-entailment
The scientists contacted the banker that the athlete avoided .	The athlete contacted the scientists .	non-entailment
The bankers that the student helped advised the artists .	The student advised the bankers .	non-entailment
The author encouraged the scientist that the athletes recognized .	The scientist encouraged the author .	non-entailment
The artists who the scientist advised avoided the actor .	The actor avoided the scientist .	non-entailment
The scientist encouraged the lawyers that avoided the judges .	The lawyers encouraged the the judges .	non-entailment
The secretaries who the judges recognized recommended the author .	The author recommended the judges .	non-entailment
The artist saw the banker who advised the presidents .	The banker saw the the presidents .	non-entailment
The senator introduced the secretaries that recognized the athletes .	The secretaries introduced the senator .	non-entailment
The senators that contacted the tourists believed the athletes .	The athletes believed the senators .	non-entailment
The scientists who the manager contacted called the judges .	The judges called the scientists .	non-entailment
The manager who avoided the scientists contacted the athletes .	The athletes contacted the manager .	non-entailment
The judge mentioned the secretary that the tourists avoided .	The tourists mentioned the judge .	non-entailment
The presidents saw the doctor that introduced the manager .	The doctor saw the presidents .	non-entailment
The actors who called the president admired the athlete .	The president admired the actors .	non-entailment
The secretary introduced the authors who the presidents saw .	The authors introduced the secretary .	non-entailment
The tourists admired the professors who the scientists avoided .	The professors admired the tourists .	non-entailment
The lawyer who the authors recommended mentioned the athlete .	The athlete mentioned the lawyer .	non-entailment
The manager who introduced the athlete saw the lawyers .	The athlete saw the manager .	non-entailment
The authors introduced the actor that contacted the manager .	The actor introduced the authors .	non-entailment
The athlete that introduced the managers supported the students .	The students supported the managers .	non-entailment
The doctors believed the professors that the managers encouraged .	The professors believed the managers .	non-entailment
The professors advised the athletes who the banker contacted .	The athletes advised the banker .	non-entailment
The scientists introduced the doctor who the bankers advised .	The doctor introduced the scientists .	non-entailment
The tourist stopped the student that the author mentioned .	The student stopped the author .	non-entailment
The professors advised the doctor that encouraged the judges .	The doctor advised the the judges .	non-entailment
The tourists that the scientists encouraged admired the student .	The scientists admired the tourists .	non-entailment
The doctor contacted the lawyer who the athlete supported .	The athlete contacted the doctor .	non-entailment
The athletes stopped the professor who the presidents introduced .	The professor stopped the presidents .	non-entailment
The president that the authors helped recognized the doctors .	The doctors recognized the president .	non-entailment
The manager that recommended the professor supported the secretary .	The professor supported the manager .	non-entailment
The doctors who the secretaries saw recommended the tourists .	The tourists recommended the secretaries .	non-entailment
The scientists that helped the author encouraged the students .	The author encouraged the scientists .	non-entailment
The student contacted the athlete who the scientists avoided .	The scientists contacted the student .	non-entailment
The presidents helped the scientist that stopped the professor .	The professor helped the presidents .	non-entailment
The tourists contacted the professor who recommended the senators .	The senators contacted the tourists .	non-entailment
The professor that the scientists stopped supported the students .	The students supported the scientists .	non-entailment
The president that the authors advised avoided the senators .	The senators avoided the president .	non-entailment
The presidents supported the athletes who mentioned the judge .	The athletes supported the presidents .	non-entailment
The students introduced the athletes that admired the doctor .	The athletes introduced the the doctor .	non-entailment
The scientist who mentioned the artists recognized the tourist .	The tourist recognized the artists .	non-entailment
The presidents who introduced the bankers saw the senator .	The senator saw the presidents .	non-entailment
The actor introduced the artists who recognized the student .	The artists introduced the the student .	non-entailment
The secretary that helped the doctors stopped the managers .	The managers stopped the secretary .	non-entailment
The athlete that the tourists recommended saw the judges .	The tourists saw the athlete .	non-entailment
The professor that supported the tourist recommended the judge .	The judge recommended the professor .	non-entailment
The judge supported the scientist who encouraged the artists .	The scientist supported the the artists .	non-entailment
The professor who the judge supported encouraged the scientists .	The scientists encouraged the judge .	non-entailment
The judges who the tourist recognized avoided the actors .	The tourist avoided the judges .	non-entailment
The artist introduced the lawyers that supported the author .	The author introduced the artist .	non-entailment
The judges recognized the tourists who the artist recommended .	The tourists recognized the judges .	non-entailment
The actor introduced the authors who believed the senators .	The authors introduced the the senators .	non-entailment
The managers saw the judges that recommended the lawyers .	The judges saw the managers .	non-entailment
The secretary that the professors encouraged avoided the athletes .	The athletes avoided the professors .	non-entailment
The president mentioned the authors who advised the tourist .	The tourist mentioned the president .	non-entailment
The doctors that the artists supported recommended the lawyer .	The artists recommended the doctors .	non-entailment
The tourists who advised the students recognized the authors .	The authors recognized the tourists .	non-entailment
The actor that introduced the presidents recognized the bankers .	The presidents recognized the actor .	non-entailment
The lawyer who the students recognized supported the doctor .	The doctor supported the lawyer .	non-entailment
The professor recommended the student who saw the athletes .	The student recommended the the athletes .	non-entailment
The senators that the lawyer supported believed the professors .	The lawyer believed the senators .	non-entailment
The secretary who the athlete thanked admired the student .	The athlete admired the secretary .	non-entailment
The senator supported the scientists who the lawyer mentioned .	The lawyer supported the senator .	non-entailment
The presidents that the actor helped recommended the athletes .	The actor recommended the presidents .	non-entailment
The banker that the managers thanked contacted the scientists .	The managers contacted the banker .	non-entailment
The artist that the student helped supported the secretaries .	The student supported the artist .	non-entailment
The judge mentioned the bankers that the professors recognized .	The bankers mentioned the professors .	non-entailment
The judges recommended the bankers that stopped the secretary .	The secretary recommended the judges .	non-entailment
The student contacted the lawyers that the senators saw .	The lawyers contacted the senators .	non-entailment
The artist that the professor encouraged stopped the lawyer .	The lawyer stopped the artist .	non-entailment
The lawyer that called the manager helped the presidents .	The manager helped the lawyer .	non-entailment
The lawyer that advised the manager avoided the students .	The students avoided the manager .	non-entailment
The professors that helped the authors contacted the secretaries .	The authors contacted the professors .	non-entailment
The artists introduced the athlete that admired the students .	The students introduced the artists .	non-entailment
The managers contacted the senators that admired the actors .	The senators contacted the managers .	non-entailment
The senators that avoided the presidents recommended the judges .	The judges recommended the senators .	non-entailment
The athlete that admired the doctors mentioned the lawyer .	The lawyer mentioned the athlete .	non-entailment
The president who saw the actor encouraged the tourist .	The actor encouraged the president .	non-entailment
The judges introduced the doctors that believed the lawyer .	The doctors introduced the the lawyer .	non-entailment
The senators called the president that the banker avoided .	The president called the banker .	non-entailment
The lawyer avoided the judge that the artist advised .	The artist avoided the lawyer .	non-entailment
The secretary that the manager believed contacted the scientist .	The manager contacted the secretary .	non-entailment
The artist that contacted the managers encouraged the student .	The student encouraged the managers .	non-entailment
The banker that the author called admired the president .	The president admired the author .	non-entailment
The bankers advised the author who the doctors helped .	The author advised the bankers .	non-entailment
The lawyer mentioned the scientists who the managers introduced .	The scientists mentioned the managers .	non-entailment
The managers who the artists introduced saw the banker .	The artists saw the managers .	non-entailment
The managers who the bankers helped called the student .	The bankers called the managers .	non-entailment
The president encouraged the lawyer who contacted the judge .	The judge encouraged the president .	non-entailment
The athlete that mentioned the student avoided the senator .	The senator avoided the athlete .	non-entailment
The secretary recommended the professor who the artist avoided .	The professor recommended the artist .	non-entailment
The actors admired the scientists who the author avoided .	The scientists admired the actors .	non-entailment
The judge who supported the actors encouraged the artists .	The actors encouraged the judge .	non-entailment
The secretaries avoided the athletes that encouraged the managers .	The athletes avoided the secretaries .	non-entailment
The professors that the senator saw believed the president .	The president believed the professors .	non-entailment
The doctors advised the artists who the presidents contacted .	The presidents advised the doctors .	non-entailment
The lawyer that advised the tourist introduced the senator .	The tourist introduced the lawyer .	non-entailment
The actors encouraged the manager who the artist advised .	The artist encouraged the actors .	non-entailment
The authors admired the secretary who stopped the judge .	The secretary admired the the judge .	non-entailment
The lawyers who supported the banker stopped the student .	The banker stopped the lawyers .	non-entailment
The author encouraged the judge that the students helped .	The judge encouraged the author .	non-entailment
The lawyers that saw the manager recognized the authors .	The manager recognized the lawyers .	non-entailment
The secretaries that encouraged the artist introduced the scientists .	The scientists introduced the artist .	non-entailment
The secretaries who believed the actors called the lawyers .	The actors called the secretaries .	non-entailment
The doctor who the actors supported saw the presidents .	The actors saw the doctor .	non-entailment
The authors that the students encouraged admired the artists .	The artists admired the authors .	non-entailment
The athlete introduced the scientists that the student helped .	The scientists introduced the student .	non-entailment
The doctor called the judges that the senators thanked .	The judges called the senators .	non-entailment
The authors introduced the tourist who the doctors encouraged .	The tourist introduced the doctors .	non-entailment
The lawyer that the professor saw mentioned the manager .	The manager mentioned the lawyer .	non-entailment
The senator who the scientist recommended avoided the manager .	The manager avoided the senator .	non-entailment
The manager advised the scientist who the professors introduced .	The scientist advised the professors .	non-entailment
The judge who admired the student contacted the actors .	The actors contacted the student .	non-entailment
The author avoided the judge who the president believed .	The judge avoided the author .	non-entailment
The authors who the president encouraged introduced the athlete .	The president introduced the authors .	non-entailment
The professor who the student saw believed the actors .	The student believed the professor .	non-entailment
The manager introduced the artists that the judge avoided .	The artists introduced the manager .	non-entailment
The scientists introduced the artist who the author supported .	The artist introduced the author .	non-entailment
The author recognized the tourists who admired the lawyer .	The lawyer recognized the author .	non-entailment
The senator supported the banker who the artist called .	The banker supported the senator .	non-entailment
The senator that encouraged the athletes mentioned the students .	The students mentioned the athletes .	non-entailment
The scientist that the students saw advised the artists .	The students advised the scientist .	non-entailment
The actor believed the bankers who the senator recommended .	The bankers believed the senator .	non-entailment
The managers that the president helped supported the lawyers .	The president supported the managers .	non-entailment
The tourist recognized the actor who supported the judges .	The judges recognized the tourist .	non-entailment
The artists who saw the professor contacted the judges .	The professor contacted the artists .	non-entailment
The president helped the author that thanked the managers .	The author helped the president .	non-entailment
The scientist that avoided the athletes believed the senator .	The senator believed the scientist .	non-entailment
The president recommended the actor who the tourist contacted .	The tourist recommended the president .	non-entailment
The judge advised the secretaries who the presidents encouraged .	The secretaries advised the judge .	non-entailment
The manager helped the students that the judges supported .	The students helped the judges .	non-entailment
The professor who the tourist saw introduced the scientist .	The scientist introduced the professor .	non-entailment
The lawyers that thanked the professors saw the secretaries .	The professors saw the lawyers .	non-entailment
The athlete recommended the doctor that the banker introduced .	The doctor recommended the athlete .	non-entailment
The students that avoided the doctor mentioned the president .	The president mentioned the students .	non-entailment
The judges that stopped the actor believed the author .	The author believed the judges .	non-entailment
The doctor mentioned the tourists who saw the actors .	The actors mentioned the doctor .	non-entailment
The presidents that stopped the banker recommended the actors .	The actors recommended the presidents .	non-entailment
The professor supported the lawyer that helped the tourists .	The lawyer supported the the tourists .	non-entailment
The senator contacted the judge who the doctors saw .	The doctors contacted the senator .	non-entailment
The senator contacted the actors who helped the secretary .	The secretary contacted the senator .	non-entailment
The president that the judges advised recommended the senator .	The judges recommended the president .	non-entailment
The bankers who saw the tourists advised the artist .	The artist advised the bankers .	non-entailment
The bankers who the athlete saw avoided the artist .	The artist avoided the bankers .	non-entailment
The athlete supported the tourist who mentioned the student .	The student supported the athlete .	non-entailment
The actors who saw the student admired the judge .	The judge admired the student .	non-entailment
The judge who stopped the senators helped the secretary .	The senators helped the judge .	non-entailment
The president that the managers supported advised the judges .	The judges advised the managers .	non-entailment
The doctor who the tourists saw thanked the president .	The president thanked the doctor .	non-entailment
The judge that the president thanked introduced the managers .	The managers introduced the judge .	non-entailment
The actor that avoided the professor helped the banker .	The professor helped the actor .	non-entailment
The presidents advised the judge who the doctors stopped .	The judge advised the presidents .	non-entailment
The students who recommended the scientist advised the secretary .	The secretary advised the scientist .	non-entailment
The lawyer who mentioned the actor believed the judges .	The actor believed the lawyer .	non-entailment
The tourists thanked the banker who contacted the secretary .	The secretary thanked the tourists .	non-entailment
The professor recognized the students who recommended the athletes .	The students recognized the the athletes .	non-entailment
The athlete admired the senators who the president avoided .	The senators admired the athlete .	non-entailment
The actors who the tourist believed thanked the artist .	The tourist thanked the actors .	non-entailment
The professor that the athletes recognized helped the managers .	The managers helped the athletes .	non-entailment
The authors advised the secretary that stopped the artists .	The artists advised the authors .	non-entailment
The athletes believed the authors that contacted the artists .	The artists believed the athletes .	non-entailment
The artist that recommended the students saw the president .	The students saw the artist .	non-entailment
The artists advised the banker that believed the actor .	The banker advised the the actor .	non-entailment
The scientists introduced the athlete who the president supported .	The athlete introduced the president .	non-entailment
The managers introduced the doctor who mentioned the artist .	The doctor introduced the managers .	non-entailment
The secretary that helped the judge saw the doctor .	The doctor saw the secretary .	non-entailment
The managers that saw the doctor contacted the judges .	The judges contacted the doctor .	non-entailment
The author supported the tourist that advised the secretary .	The secretary supported the author .	non-entailment
The athletes introduced the senators who the bankers saw .	The senators introduced the bankers .	non-entailment
The doctor that contacted the president mentioned the banker .	The banker mentioned the president .	non-entailment
The students who the senators mentioned thanked the doctor .	The doctor thanked the senators .	non-entailment
The athlete saw the professors who the actors advised .	The professors saw the actors .	non-entailment
The tourist recognized the artist who the actor saw .	The artist recognized the tourist .	non-entailment
The president avoided the bankers that encouraged the actors .	The bankers avoided the the actors .	non-entailment
The secretaries contacted the doctors who the actors avoided .	The actors contacted the secretaries .	non-entailment
The professors who the doctors recognized introduced the tourists .	The tourists introduced the doctors .	non-entailment
The president admired the professors who mentioned the doctor .	The doctor admired the president .	non-entailment
The senator supported the athlete who the author believed .	The athlete supported the senator .	non-entailment
The judges that the student believed recommended the artists .	The student recommended the judges .	non-entailment
The judge that the actors helped recommended the senator .	The senator recommended the actors .	non-entailment
The managers stopped the banker who thanked the lawyers .	The banker stopped the the lawyers .	non-entailment
The banker that recognized the judge believed the authors .	The authors believed the banker .	non-entailment
The artist who avoided the authors recommended the judges .	The authors recommended the artist .	non-entailment
The bankers that the senators called introduced the secretaries .	The secretaries introduced the senators .	non-entailment
The professor thanked the senators that the bankers avoided .	The senators thanked the professor .	non-entailment
The lawyers introduced the professor that supported the judge .	The professor introduced the the judge .	non-entailment
The secretary introduced the tourist who encouraged the judges .	The tourist introduced the secretary .	non-entailment
The judges that the authors supported mentioned the student .	The student mentioned the authors .	non-entailment
The athletes introduced the author who mentioned the senators .	The author introduced the the senators .	non-entailment
The banker encouraged the actor that the doctor admired .	The actor encouraged the doctor .	non-entailment
The lawyer who encouraged the artist recognized the athlete .	The athlete recognized the lawyer .	non-entailment
The manager saw the presidents that the doctors stopped .	The presidents saw the doctors .	non-entailment
The artist introduced the doctors that recognized the professors .	The doctors introduced the artist .	non-entailment
The author recommended the students that avoided the artists .	The students recommended the the artists .	non-entailment
The manager introduced the secretary that the senator advised .	The secretary introduced the manager .	non-entailment
The judge who mentioned the secretary saw the artist .	The secretary saw the judge .	non-entailment
The athlete admired the actor that called the lawyer .	The actor admired the athlete .	non-entailment
The author stopped the professor who supported the scientists .	The scientists stopped the author .	non-entailment
The scientists believed the athletes who the judges stopped .	The judges believed the scientists .	non-entailment
The scientists stopped the author that recommended the senator .	The author stopped the the senator .	non-entailment
The bankers supported the lawyer that the athlete avoided .	The lawyer supported the athlete .	non-entailment
The doctors called the athlete who the professors supported .	The athlete called the professors .	non-entailment
The students that the doctors recognized believed the tourists .	The tourists believed the students .	non-entailment
The professors that supported the secretaries saw the manager .	The manager saw the secretaries .	non-entailment
The president who helped the authors stopped the lawyer .	The lawyer stopped the authors .	non-entailment
The professors that recognized the scientists admired the athlete .	The athlete admired the scientists .	non-entailment
The professor thanked the doctor who the athletes mentioned .	The athletes thanked the professor .	non-entailment
The bankers introduced the secretary who the president believed .	The president introduced the bankers .	non-entailment
The judges who admired the scientists helped the actor .	The actor helped the judges .	non-entailment
The author that the secretary stopped recommended the tourists .	The tourists recommended the author .	non-entailment
The scientist that believed the students thanked the athletes .	The students thanked the scientist .	non-entailment
The actor helped the secretary that the senator mentioned .	The senator helped the actor .	non-entailment
The actors advised the athlete that the judges recommended .	The judges advised the actors .	non-entailment
The manager advised the actors who saw the scientist .	The actors advised the the scientist .	non-entailment
The professors mentioned the student who the tourists recommended .	The student mentioned the professors .	non-entailment
The artists contacted the tourist who helped the professors .	The tourist contacted the the professors .	non-entailment
The president that the artists supported believed the judge .	The judge believed the artists .	non-entailment
The banker saw the secretary who the professors introduced .	The secretary saw the banker .	non-entailment
The secretary thanked the bankers that called the student .	The bankers thanked the the student .	non-entailment
The artists advised the author that believed the students .	The author advised the artists .	non-entailment
The athlete admired the secretaries that stopped the senator .	The senator admired the athlete .	non-entailment
The judges who the artists believed mentioned the author .	The author mentioned the judges .	non-entailment
The bankers thanked the managers who the scientist saw .	The scientist thanked the bankers .	non-entailment
The banker that the scientists admired supported the students .	The students supported the banker .	non-entailment
The judges called the secretaries who helped the managers .	The secretaries called the the managers .	non-entailment
The athlete that the banker encouraged admired the student .	The student admired the athlete .	non-entailment
The professors that helped the senator stopped the authors .	The authors stopped the senator .	non-entailment
The judges that the president recognized supported the scientist .	The scientist supported the president .	non-entailment
The judge supported the president that the bankers saw .	The president supported the bankers .	non-entailment
The actors who recognized the athletes advised the presidents .	The athletes advised the actors .	non-entailment
The doctors that avoided the professors thanked the judge .	The professors thanked the doctors .	non-entailment
The athlete who encouraged the secretary introduced the presidents .	The presidents introduced the athlete .	non-entailment
The judges encouraged the athlete that the secretary admired .	The athlete encouraged the judges .	non-entailment
The judge who the authors mentioned recognized the actor .	The authors recognized the judge .	non-entailment
The secretaries avoided the doctors who contacted the scientists .	The doctors avoided the the scientists .	non-entailment
The scientists who encouraged the athletes believed the students .	The students believed the athletes .	non-entailment
The judge helped the secretaries that the lawyer mentioned .	The secretaries helped the lawyer .	non-entailment
The secretaries advised the doctors that the actor mentioned .	The actor advised the secretaries .	non-entailment
The professors helped the banker who the judges introduced .	The judges helped the professors .	non-entailment
The actor who encouraged the secretary mentioned the lawyer .	The lawyer mentioned the actor .	non-entailment
The actors believed the managers who helped the banker .	The managers believed the the banker .	non-entailment
The athlete admired the student who the tourists believed .	The student admired the tourists .	non-entailment
The professors that called the scientist thanked the student .	The scientist thanked the professors .	non-entailment
The tourists mentioned the judges that recognized the presidents .	The presidents mentioned the tourists .	non-entailment
The judge admired the artist who saw the authors .	The artist admired the judge .	non-entailment
The professors advised the senator that supported the athlete .	The senator advised the the athlete .	non-entailment
The manager that recommended the judges stopped the artist .	The artist stopped the manager .	non-entailment
The president who called the judge admired the student .	The judge admired the president .	non-entailment
The tourist that the doctors advised called the banker .	The doctors called the tourist .	non-entailment
The actor called the judges who the senators stopped .	The senators called the actor .	non-entailment
The banker introduced the presidents that the professor helped .	The presidents introduced the banker .	non-entailment
The student who the artists contacted avoided the professors .	The professors avoided the student .	non-entailment
The secretaries helped the senator that believed the professors .	The senator helped the secretaries .	non-entailment
The senators that the bankers called advised the tourist .	The tourist advised the senators .	non-entailment
The manager that avoided the artists contacted the lawyer .	The lawyer contacted the manager .	non-entailment
The artists who the judge thanked recognized the athlete .	The athlete recognized the artists .	non-entailment
The actors that supported the author recognized the doctors .	The doctors recognized the actors .	non-entailment
The judge that the manager advised helped the lawyers .	The lawyers helped the manager .	non-entailment
The actors who advised the bankers supported the athlete .	The athlete supported the bankers .	non-entailment
The students believed the tourist who the lawyer encouraged .	The tourist believed the students .	non-entailment
The doctors who the lawyer admired called the athlete .	The athlete called the lawyer .	non-entailment
The secretaries encouraged the tourists who contacted the student .	The student encouraged the secretaries .	non-entailment
The senator saw the lawyer who the professors mentioned .	The lawyer saw the senator .	non-entailment
The managers avoided the secretaries who the bankers saw .	The bankers avoided the managers .	non-entailment
The student that the banker recommended called the professors .	The banker called the student .	non-entailment
The lawyer believed the scientists who the judges stopped .	The judges believed the lawyer .	non-entailment
The senator thanked the actors that the tourist believed .	The actors thanked the senator .	non-entailment
The presidents called the senator who mentioned the judge .	The judge called the presidents .	non-entailment
The actor thanked the artist that avoided the judge .	The artist thanked the the judge .	non-entailment
The student who admired the athletes supported the scientists .	The scientists supported the student .	non-entailment
The artist that called the senators supported the judges .	The senators supported the artist .	non-entailment
The scientist helped the athlete who the manager called .	The athlete helped the manager .	non-entailment
The lawyers called the athletes that encouraged the tourist .	The tourist called the lawyers .	non-entailment
The senators avoided the scientists who the secretaries admired .	The scientists avoided the secretaries .	non-entailment
The lawyers who introduced the tourists thanked the artist .	The artist thanked the lawyers .	non-entailment
The actor contacted the athlete that saw the senator .	The athlete contacted the actor .	non-entailment
The lawyers that the president mentioned contacted the secretaries .	The secretaries contacted the lawyers .	non-entailment
The professor recommended the judge who admired the actor .	The judge recommended the professor .	non-entailment
The senator stopped the manager that the secretary helped .	The secretary stopped the senator .	non-entailment
The actors supported the professor that stopped the artist .	The artist supported the actors .	non-entailment
The athlete that contacted the artist called the manager .	The manager called the artist .	non-entailment
The students who called the lawyers believed the tourist .	The lawyers believed the students .	non-entailment
The tourist that the doctors contacted admired the artists .	The artists admired the tourist .	non-entailment
The students called the tourists that the actors recognized .	The tourists called the actors .	non-entailment
The students that saw the artist encouraged the scientists .	The scientists encouraged the students .	non-entailment
The bankers that the tourist recommended saw the senator .	The senator saw the tourist .	non-entailment
The students helped the doctors who the banker thanked .	The doctors helped the banker .	non-entailment
The doctors that the students believed admired the tourists .	The tourists admired the students .	non-entailment
The actor introduced the athletes who encouraged the lawyer .	The athletes introduced the actor .	non-entailment
The manager stopped the tourists that the author introduced .	The tourists stopped the manager .	non-entailment
The actor that the doctors saw admired the scientist .	The scientist admired the doctors .	non-entailment
The scientists called the lawyers that the tourists encouraged .	The lawyers called the scientists .	non-entailment
The students helped the scientist that mentioned the professor .	The scientist helped the the professor .	non-entailment
The senators that the actor admired encouraged the lawyer .	The lawyer encouraged the actor .	non-entailment
The scientists stopped the judge who the professor admired .	The judge stopped the scientists .	non-entailment
The managers that introduced the athletes helped the bankers .	The bankers helped the athletes .	non-entailment
The banker who the scientists admired thanked the senator .	The senator thanked the scientists .	non-entailment
The professors advised the senator who helped the actors .	The senator advised the professors .	non-entailment
The student who recommended the athletes admired the judge .	The athletes admired the student .	non-entailment
The presidents that the authors recognized called the secretary .	The authors called the presidents .	non-entailment
The presidents introduced the banker that supported the lawyer .	The lawyer introduced the presidents .	non-entailment
The president mentioned the banker that advised the doctor .	The banker mentioned the the doctor .	non-entailment
The tourist who the senator believed called the professors .	The professors called the senator .	non-entailment
The actor avoided the secretary that called the professors .	The secretary avoided the the professors .	non-entailment
The scientists who stopped the senator believed the lawyers .	The lawyers believed the scientists .	non-entailment
The professors who saw the lawyers helped the president .	The president helped the professors .	non-entailment
The scientist advised the manager that stopped the doctor .	The manager advised the scientist .	non-entailment
The lawyer who the scientists contacted helped the senator .	The senator helped the lawyer .	non-entailment
The judge believed the artists that the professors contacted .	The artists believed the judge .	non-entailment
The doctor that the artists saw stopped the manager .	The manager stopped the artists .	non-entailment
The secretary who admired the actor contacted the judges .	The judges contacted the actor .	non-entailment
The professors who the senator recommended called the secretaries .	The secretaries called the professors .	non-entailment
The president who the lawyers saw recommended the doctors .	The lawyers recommended the president .	non-entailment
The tourist that the secretary mentioned called the author .	The author called the secretary .	non-entailment
The judges that the president helped introduced the authors .	The president introduced the judges .	non-entailment
The doctor that the author encouraged introduced the lawyer .	The author introduced the doctor .	non-entailment
The athletes who the senators helped contacted the professor .	The professor contacted the athletes .	non-entailment
The athletes who called the tourist recommended the lawyer .	The lawyer recommended the athletes .	non-entailment
The professor mentioned the actors that the authors avoided .	The authors mentioned the professor .	non-entailment
The doctors who recognized the secretary stopped the judges .	The secretary stopped the doctors .	non-entailment
The scientist recommended the artist that the doctor introduced .	The artist recommended the doctor .	non-entailment
The authors saw the presidents that recognized the professors .	The presidents saw the authors .	non-entailment
The secretary recognized the doctor who the author called .	The author recognized the secretary .	non-entailment
The authors that supported the doctor thanked the artists .	The artists thanked the doctor .	non-entailment
The actor that the artists avoided recommended the tourists .	The tourists recommended the artists .	non-entailment
The secretaries who the artist advised mentioned the senators .	The artist mentioned the secretaries .	non-entailment
The banker advised the doctors who the professors introduced .	The professors advised the banker .	non-entailment
The senator admired the bankers that the managers recognized .	The bankers admired the senator .	non-entailment
The judge who believed the tourist introduced the presidents .	The presidents introduced the tourist .	non-entailment
The actors introduced the banker who the students recognized .	The students introduced the actors .	non-entailment
The authors that called the judge helped the secretary .	The secretary helped the judge .	non-entailment
The judge who the actor admired recognized the professor .	The actor recognized the judge .	non-entailment
The actor called the professor that the athlete advised .	The professor called the athlete .	non-entailment
The bankers helped the professor that stopped the athletes .	The professor helped the the athletes .	non-entailment
The authors encouraged the scientist who the judges believed .	The scientist encouraged the judges .	non-entailment
The doctor who the secretary called advised the scientist .	The scientist advised the secretary .	non-entailment
The athletes avoided the managers that supported the banker .	The banker avoided the athletes .	non-entailment
The actors who introduced the tourists avoided the secretaries .	The secretaries avoided the actors .	non-entailment
The president admired the professors who mentioned the judge .	The professors admired the the judge .	non-entailment
The managers who stopped the president advised the actor .	The actor advised the president .	non-entailment
The lawyer that encouraged the professor stopped the banker .	The banker stopped the professor .	non-entailment
The scientists who the secretaries stopped avoided the author .	The author avoided the scientists .	non-entailment
The actor that advised the student supported the managers .	The managers supported the actor .	non-entailment
The judges that the secretaries recognized stopped the lawyers .	The lawyers stopped the judges .	non-entailment
The actors that mentioned the professor avoided the secretary .	The professor avoided the actors .	non-entailment
The judge avoided the athletes that the author saw .	The athletes avoided the judge .	non-entailment
The lawyers avoided the judges that advised the student .	The judges avoided the the student .	non-entailment
The secretaries who supported the managers called the judges .	The managers called the secretaries .	non-entailment
The senator advised the students that the presidents thanked .	The students advised the senator .	non-entailment
The doctors that thanked the scientists introduced the professors .	The professors introduced the scientists .	non-entailment
The president who the student recommended encouraged the doctors .	The doctors encouraged the president .	non-entailment
The professors thanked the scientists that supported the artist .	The artist thanked the professors .	non-entailment
The author who encouraged the doctor saw the athlete .	The athlete saw the doctor .	non-entailment
The scientists helped the artist that the judges supported .	The artist helped the scientists .	non-entailment
The bankers advised the actor that admired the judge .	The judge advised the bankers .	non-entailment
The artist that the professor mentioned called the presidents .	The professor called the artist .	non-entailment
The scientist mentioned the tourists that the manager contacted .	The tourists mentioned the manager .	non-entailment
The senators recommended the author that introduced the artists .	The author recommended the senators .	non-entailment
The senators who stopped the author saw the actors .	The actors saw the author .	non-entailment
The presidents admired the doctors who the artist encouraged .	The doctors admired the artist .	non-entailment
The actor who admired the lawyers thanked the students .	The lawyers thanked the actor .	non-entailment
The lawyers admired the artist who recommended the doctors .	The doctors admired the lawyers .	non-entailment
The professor that saw the tourist supported the managers .	The managers supported the tourist .	non-entailment
The student who encouraged the manager believed the judge .	The judge believed the student .	non-entailment
The scientist saw the author who the judges mentioned .	The author saw the scientist .	non-entailment
The professor who the athletes encouraged helped the student .	The student helped the athletes .	non-entailment
The student avoided the presidents that mentioned the tourists .	The tourists avoided the student .	non-entailment
The tourist introduced the bankers that the senators thanked .	The bankers introduced the senators .	non-entailment
The presidents that the senator stopped called the athlete .	The athlete called the presidents .	non-entailment
The senator who stopped the professors called the judges .	The judges called the senator .	non-entailment
The artist that called the president believed the actors .	The president believed the artist .	non-entailment
The secretary encouraged the lawyers who believed the presidents .	The lawyers encouraged the the presidents .	non-entailment
The doctors called the lawyers who the author saw .	The lawyers called the doctors .	non-entailment
The senators admired the doctor who the scientists recognized .	The scientists admired the senators .	non-entailment
The managers who the lawyer helped supported the actor .	The actor supported the lawyer .	non-entailment
The secretaries that supported the banker believed the lawyers .	The banker believed the secretaries .	non-entailment
The students who the doctors helped saw the lawyers .	The doctors saw the students .	non-entailment
The presidents introduced the artist that the managers avoided .	The managers introduced the presidents .	non-entailment
The student that advised the bankers called the managers .	The managers called the student .	non-entailment
The tourists introduced the president who helped the students .	The students introduced the tourists .	non-entailment
The actors contacted the banker who admired the secretary .	The banker contacted the actors .	non-entailment
The lawyer believed the students who avoided the tourists .	The tourists believed the lawyer .	non-entailment
The artist that the judges saw mentioned the author .	The author mentioned the artist .	non-entailment
The professor who the secretaries supported helped the president .	The secretaries helped the professor .	non-entailment
The bankers introduced the tourists that advised the senators .	The tourists introduced the bankers .	non-entailment
The secretaries stopped the tourists who the artist mentioned .	The artist stopped the secretaries .	non-entailment
The students called the senator who thanked the author .	The senator called the the author .	non-entailment
The secretary mentioned the professor who the president supported .	The professor mentioned the secretary .	non-entailment
The doctors who saw the artist admired the scientist .	The scientist admired the doctors .	non-entailment
The artists who saw the lawyer introduced the bankers .	The bankers introduced the lawyer .	non-entailment
The judge contacted the senator who called the managers .	The senator contacted the the managers .	non-entailment
The banker stopped the senator who the secretaries thanked .	The secretaries stopped the banker .	non-entailment
The tourists called the senator who the students mentioned .	The students called the tourists .	non-entailment
The secretary thanked the athlete that the professors recommended .	The professors thanked the secretary .	non-entailment
The professor admired the tourist that the athlete mentioned .	The tourist admired the athlete .	non-entailment
The lawyers saw the judges who supported the tourist .	The judges saw the lawyers .	non-entailment
The students called the banker who believed the athlete .	The athlete called the students .	non-entailment
The secretary that mentioned the doctor recommended the tourist .	The tourist recommended the doctor .	non-entailment
The secretaries that contacted the actor recognized the professor .	The professor recognized the secretaries .	non-entailment
The authors that called the senator thanked the artist .	The artist thanked the authors .	non-entailment
The student recognized the secretary who believed the lawyers .	The secretary recognized the the lawyers .	non-entailment
The artists who the athletes helped mentioned the student .	The athletes mentioned the artists .	non-entailment
The judges that the artists introduced called the tourists .	The tourists called the judges .	non-entailment
The presidents introduced the banker who recommended the managers .	The banker introduced the presidents .	non-entailment
The manager who the artist contacted introduced the scientists .	The scientists introduced the manager .	non-entailment
The judges that recognized the scientists avoided the artist .	The artist avoided the scientists .	non-entailment
The lawyer recommended the judge who stopped the secretary .	The secretary recommended the lawyer .	non-entailment
The tourists that supported the judges saw the scientist .	The scientist saw the judges .	non-entailment
The athlete that the professor recognized supported the secretaries .	The secretaries supported the athlete .	non-entailment
The artists that the students helped stopped the scientists .	The students stopped the artists .	non-entailment
The authors that the managers recommended admired the scientist .	The scientist admired the authors .	non-entailment
The authors who introduced the student mentioned the senator .	The student mentioned the authors .	non-entailment
The scientists advised the student who the lawyer avoided .	The student advised the lawyer .	non-entailment
The actors advised the tourist who believed the athletes .	The tourist advised the actors .	non-entailment
The actor who the manager supported stopped the author .	The manager stopped the actor .	non-entailment
The manager who the lawyer saw called the bankers .	The lawyer called the manager .	non-entailment
The athletes avoided the tourist who thanked the president .	The tourist avoided the the president .	non-entailment
The doctor avoided the scientist that advised the author .	The scientist avoided the the author .	non-entailment
The judge who the senators recommended believed the doctor .	The doctor believed the senators .	non-entailment
The actors that the secretary avoided believed the author .	The author believed the actors .	non-entailment
The professor recommended the secretaries that the student recognized .	The secretaries recommended the student .	non-entailment
The author admired the athletes that the secretaries encouraged .	The secretaries admired the author .	non-entailment
The scientists who called the authors saw the artists .	The artists saw the scientists .	non-entailment
The athletes stopped the author that the scientist thanked .	The author stopped the scientist .	non-entailment
The artists saw the lawyer that believed the secretary .	The lawyer saw the artists .	non-entailment
The president who admired the doctors thanked the scientists .	The doctors thanked the president .	non-entailment
The lawyers mentioned the presidents that the senators thanked .	The senators mentioned the lawyers .	non-entailment
The students saw the lawyers that supported the president .	The president saw the students .	non-entailment
The actor who the secretary called supported the professor .	The professor supported the actor .	non-entailment
The athletes who the secretary believed advised the doctor .	The doctor advised the secretary .	non-entailment
The judge avoided the professors that the doctors recognized .	The professors avoided the judge .	non-entailment
The managers thanked the judge that the professor encouraged .	The judge thanked the professor .	non-entailment
The doctor recognized the scientist who called the actor .	The scientist recognized the the actor .	non-entailment
The lawyers advised the athlete that the artist contacted .	The artist advised the lawyers .	non-entailment
The professors that encouraged the artists believed the doctor .	The doctor believed the professors .	non-entailment
The artist encouraged the doctors who the athletes called .	The doctors encouraged the artist .	non-entailment
The managers recognized the banker who avoided the athletes .	The banker recognized the managers .	non-entailment
The doctor saw the scientist who helped the professor .	The professor saw the doctor .	non-entailment
The authors advised the president that the scientist encouraged .	The president advised the scientist .	non-entailment
The managers were advised by the athlete .	The managers advised the athlete .	non-entailment
The lawyers were recommended by the doctor .	The lawyers recommended the doctor .	non-entailment
The presidents were stopped by the artist .	The presidents stopped the artist .	non-entailment
The managers were introduced by the scientists .	The managers introduced the scientists .	non-entailment
The students were recognized by the president .	The students recognized the president .	non-entailment
The professor was helped by the doctors .	The professor helped the doctors .	non-entailment
The scientist was recommended by the doctor .	The scientist recommended the doctor .	non-entailment
The lawyers were thanked by the senator .	The lawyers thanked the senator .	non-entailment
The president was avoided by the students .	The president avoided the students .	non-entailment
The manager was introduced by the professor .	The manager introduced the professor .	non-entailment
The banker was avoided by the tourist .	The banker avoided the tourist .	non-entailment
The scientists were thanked by the judge .	The scientists thanked the judge .	non-entailment
The artists were believed by the professors .	The artists believed the professors .	non-entailment
The students were encouraged by the athlete .	The students encouraged the athlete .	non-entailment
The students were encouraged by the authors .	The students encouraged the authors .	non-entailment
The artist was believed by the president .	The artist believed the president .	non-entailment
The judge was recognized by the artist .	The judge recognized the artist .	non-entailment
The doctors were thanked by the professors .	The doctors thanked the professors .	non-entailment
The tourists were thanked by the artist .	The tourists thanked the artist .	non-entailment
The authors were thanked by the bankers .	The authors thanked the bankers .	non-entailment
The authors were recommended by the doctors .	The authors recommended the doctors .	non-entailment
The lawyers were mentioned by the scientist .	The lawyers mentioned the scientist .	non-entailment
The secretary was thanked by the doctor .	The secretary thanked the doctor .	non-entailment
The scientist was contacted by the lawyers .	The scientist contacted the lawyers .	non-entailment
The artists were stopped by the manager .	The artists stopped the manager .	non-entailment
The athlete was mentioned by the lawyers .	The athlete mentioned the lawyers .	non-entailment
The tourist was recommended by the athlete .	The tourist recommended the athlete .	non-entailment
The athlete was supported by the doctors .	The athlete supported the doctors .	non-entailment
The judge was encouraged by the managers .	The judge encouraged the managers .	non-entailment
The doctor was supported by the professor .	The doctor supported the professor .	non-entailment
The judge was encouraged by the scientist .	The judge encouraged the scientist .	non-entailment
The doctor was avoided by the artist .	The doctor avoided the artist .	non-entailment
The doctor was recommended by the students .	The doctor recommended the students .	non-entailment
The manager was supported by the author .	The manager supported the author .	non-entailment
The scientists were stopped by the lawyers .	The scientists stopped the lawyers .	non-entailment
The doctor was recognized by the bankers .	The doctor recognized the bankers .	non-entailment
The authors were recognized by the lawyer .	The authors recognized the lawyer .	non-entailment
The professors were recommended by the doctors .	The professors recommended the doctors .	non-entailment
The presidents were mentioned by the scientists .	The presidents mentioned the scientists .	non-entailment
The presidents were helped by the author .	The presidents helped the author .	non-entailment
The scientists were encouraged by the author .	The scientists encouraged the author .	non-entailment
The lawyers were admired by the doctor .	The lawyers admired the doctor .	non-entailment
The lawyer was avoided by the senators .	The lawyer avoided the senators .	non-entailment
The author was avoided by the scientists .	The author avoided the scientists .	non-entailment
The tourist was admired by the presidents .	The tourist admired the presidents .	non-entailment
The managers were stopped by the students .	The managers stopped the students .	non-entailment
The lawyer was believed by the judge .	The lawyer believed the judge .	non-entailment
The artists were admired by the lawyer .	The artists admired the lawyer .	non-entailment
The actor was introduced by the senators .	The actor introduced the senators .	non-entailment
The students were helped by the presidents .	The students helped the presidents .	non-entailment
The author was introduced by the athlete .	The author introduced the athlete .	non-entailment
The senator was encouraged by the judges .	The senator encouraged the judges .	non-entailment
The scientists were recommended by the doctor .	The scientists recommended the doctor .	non-entailment
The scientist was contacted by the lawyer .	The scientist contacted the lawyer .	non-entailment
The president was mentioned by the athletes .	The president mentioned the athletes .	non-entailment
The artists were supported by the lawyers .	The artists supported the lawyers .	non-entailment
The lawyers were mentioned by the artists .	The lawyers mentioned the artists .	non-entailment
The judges were encouraged by the athletes .	The judges encouraged the athletes .	non-entailment
The doctor was supported by the president .	The doctor supported the president .	non-entailment
The senators were helped by the authors .	The senators helped the authors .	non-entailment
The judge was recommended by the professors .	The judge recommended the professors .	non-entailment
The author was thanked by the secretary .	The author thanked the secretary .	non-entailment
The tourist was introduced by the lawyers .	The tourist introduced the lawyers .	non-entailment
The athlete was believed by the scientists .	The athlete believed the scientists .	non-entailment
The secretary was admired by the athlete .	The secretary admired the athlete .	non-entailment
The students were supported by the artist .	The students supported the artist .	non-entailment
The judge was recognized by the professors .	The judge recognized the professors .	non-entailment
The lawyer was encouraged by the secretaries .	The lawyer encouraged the secretaries .	non-entailment
The judges were believed by the professor .	The judges believed the professor .	non-entailment
The student was admired by the authors .	The student admired the authors .	non-entailment
The author was contacted by the athlete .	The author contacted the athlete .	non-entailment
The artists were encouraged by the scientists .	The artists encouraged the scientists .	non-entailment
The manager was advised by the secretaries .	The manager advised the secretaries .	non-entailment
The scientists were contacted by the actor .	The scientists contacted the actor .	non-entailment
The doctor was thanked by the senators .	The doctor thanked the senators .	non-entailment
The doctors were introduced by the athlete .	The doctors introduced the athlete .	non-entailment
The bankers were thanked by the judge .	The bankers thanked the judge .	non-entailment
The tourists were introduced by the author .	The tourists introduced the author .	non-entailment
The managers were introduced by the scientist .	The managers introduced the scientist .	non-entailment
The actor was stopped by the lawyer .	The actor stopped the lawyer .	non-entailment
The actors were mentioned by the presidents .	The actors mentioned the presidents .	non-entailment
The artists were introduced by the judge .	The artists introduced the judge .	non-entailment
The actors were mentioned by the lawyers .	The actors mentioned the lawyers .	non-entailment
The authors were admired by the artist .	The authors admired the artist .	non-entailment
The actors were mentioned by the lawyer .	The actors mentioned the lawyer .	non-entailment
The author was supported by the presidents .	The author supported the presidents .	non-entailment
The scientists were recommended by the secretary .	The scientists recommended the secretary .	non-entailment
The lawyers were contacted by the secretary .	The lawyers contacted the secretary .	non-entailment
The scientists were believed by the secretaries .	The scientists believed the secretaries .	non-entailment
The athletes were avoided by the professors .	The athletes avoided the professors .	non-entailment
The judge was supported by the student .	The judge supported the student .	non-entailment
The professor was contacted by the author .	The professor contacted the author .	non-entailment
The secretary was encouraged by the athlete .	The secretary encouraged the athlete .	non-entailment
The tourist was mentioned by the lawyers .	The tourist mentioned the lawyers .	non-entailment
The scientist was introduced by the student .	The scientist introduced the student .	non-entailment
The presidents were helped by the professors .	The presidents helped the professors .	non-entailment
The tourists were mentioned by the athlete .	The tourists mentioned the athlete .	non-entailment
The doctor was helped by the actor .	The doctor helped the actor .	non-entailment
The secretaries were advised by the professor .	The secretaries advised the professor .	non-entailment
The student was introduced by the scientist .	The student introduced the scientist .	non-entailment
The manager was avoided by the athlete .	The manager avoided the athlete .	non-entailment
The senator was mentioned by the professors .	The senator mentioned the professors .	non-entailment
The president was thanked by the student .	The president thanked the student .	non-entailment
The students were introduced by the athlete .	The students introduced the athlete .	non-entailment
The athlete was stopped by the doctor .	The athlete stopped the doctor .	non-entailment
The managers were thanked by the doctor .	The managers thanked the doctor .	non-entailment
The scientist was mentioned by the student .	The scientist mentioned the student .	non-entailment
The author was recognized by the artist .	The author recognized the artist .	non-entailment
The scientists were admired by the professors .	The scientists admired the professors .	non-entailment
The presidents were advised by the judges .	The presidents advised the judges .	non-entailment
The artist was recognized by the judges .	The artist recognized the judges .	non-entailment
The artists were introduced by the judges .	The artists introduced the judges .	non-entailment
The doctor was mentioned by the actors .	The doctor mentioned the actors .	non-entailment
The presidents were avoided by the senators .	The presidents avoided the senators .	non-entailment
The lawyer was introduced by the president .	The lawyer introduced the president .	non-entailment
The artist was encouraged by the actors .	The artist encouraged the actors .	non-entailment
The athlete was recognized by the lawyers .	The athlete recognized the lawyers .	non-entailment
The manager was helped by the presidents .	The manager helped the presidents .	non-entailment
The scientists were contacted by the student .	The scientists contacted the student .	non-entailment
The secretary was believed by the doctors .	The secretary believed the doctors .	non-entailment
The athletes were encouraged by the student .	The athletes encouraged the student .	non-entailment
The secretary was stopped by the scientists .	The secretary stopped the scientists .	non-entailment
The tourists were stopped by the scientists .	The tourists stopped the scientists .	non-entailment
The tourists were helped by the actors .	The tourists helped the actors .	non-entailment
The doctor was stopped by the manager .	The doctor stopped the manager .	non-entailment
The athletes were believed by the author .	The athletes believed the author .	non-entailment
The bankers were admired by the lawyers .	The bankers admired the lawyers .	non-entailment
The actor was contacted by the doctors .	The actor contacted the doctors .	non-entailment
The actor was admired by the scientist .	The actor admired the scientist .	non-entailment
The athlete was contacted by the author .	The athlete contacted the author .	non-entailment
The secretaries were mentioned by the lawyer .	The secretaries mentioned the lawyer .	non-entailment
The lawyer was thanked by the scientists .	The lawyer thanked the scientists .	non-entailment
The doctors were encouraged by the scientists .	The doctors encouraged the scientists .	non-entailment
The students were supported by the bankers .	The students supported the bankers .	non-entailment
The tourists were believed by the author .	The tourists believed the author .	non-entailment
The scientist was advised by the secretaries .	The scientist advised the secretaries .	non-entailment
The tourist was encouraged by the senator .	The tourist encouraged the senator .	non-entailment
The doctor was contacted by the judges .	The doctor contacted the judges .	non-entailment
The managers were stopped by the judges .	The managers stopped the judges .	non-entailment
The doctors were encouraged by the judge .	The doctors encouraged the judge .	non-entailment
The artists were advised by the author .	The artists advised the author .	non-entailment
The judge was contacted by the president .	The judge contacted the president .	non-entailment
The athletes were advised by the judge .	The athletes advised the judge .	non-entailment
The senator was supported by the doctor .	The senator supported the doctor .	non-entailment
The managers were contacted by the scientists .	The managers contacted the scientists .	non-entailment
The artist was introduced by the senator .	The artist introduced the senator .	non-entailment
The athlete was helped by the bankers .	The athlete helped the bankers .	non-entailment
The secretary was admired by the student .	The secretary admired the student .	non-entailment
The athletes were admired by the scientist .	The athletes admired the scientist .	non-entailment
The actor was encouraged by the tourists .	The actor encouraged the tourists .	non-entailment
The lawyers were recommended by the tourist .	The lawyers recommended the tourist .	non-entailment
The secretaries were contacted by the senator .	The secretaries contacted the senator .	non-entailment
The judge was contacted by the bankers .	The judge contacted the bankers .	non-entailment
The banker was stopped by the scientist .	The banker stopped the scientist .	non-entailment
The lawyers were encouraged by the senators .	The lawyers encouraged the senators .	non-entailment
The athlete was stopped by the lawyer .	The athlete stopped the lawyer .	non-entailment
The president was advised by the professors .	The president advised the professors .	non-entailment
The doctors were recommended by the athlete .	The doctors recommended the athlete .	non-entailment
The athletes were helped by the artists .	The athletes helped the artists .	non-entailment
The actors were admired by the senator .	The actors admired the senator .	non-entailment
The presidents were recommended by the artists .	The presidents recommended the artists .	non-entailment
The students were mentioned by the artists .	The students mentioned the artists .	non-entailment
The manager was believed by the banker .	The manager believed the banker .	non-entailment
The manager was believed by the scientist .	The manager believed the scientist .	non-entailment
The manager was supported by the students .	The manager supported the students .	non-entailment
The athlete was thanked by the tourist .	The athlete thanked the tourist .	non-entailment
The scientist was avoided by the doctors .	The scientist avoided the doctors .	non-entailment
The students were helped by the scientist .	The students helped the scientist .	non-entailment
The banker was supported by the doctors .	The banker supported the doctors .	non-entailment
The banker was recognized by the scientist .	The banker recognized the scientist .	non-entailment
The authors were supported by the banker .	The authors supported the banker .	non-entailment
The students were supported by the tourist .	The students supported the tourist .	non-entailment
The professors were advised by the manager .	The professors advised the manager .	non-entailment
The presidents were thanked by the actor .	The presidents thanked the actor .	non-entailment
The student was introduced by the scientists .	The student introduced the scientists .	non-entailment
The athlete was supported by the banker .	The athlete supported the banker .	non-entailment
The secretaries were introduced by the artists .	The secretaries introduced the artists .	non-entailment
The secretaries were contacted by the artists .	The secretaries contacted the artists .	non-entailment
The managers were believed by the doctor .	The managers believed the doctor .	non-entailment
The judge was recognized by the senator .	The judge recognized the senator .	non-entailment
The actor was encouraged by the doctors .	The actor encouraged the doctors .	non-entailment
The authors were advised by the senators .	The authors advised the senators .	non-entailment
The athlete was advised by the bankers .	The athlete advised the bankers .	non-entailment
The secretaries were admired by the professor .	The secretaries admired the professor .	non-entailment
The tourist was supported by the secretary .	The tourist supported the secretary .	non-entailment
The authors were avoided by the president .	The authors avoided the president .	non-entailment
The president was thanked by the artist .	The president thanked the artist .	non-entailment
The judges were thanked by the student .	The judges thanked the student .	non-entailment
The banker was contacted by the president .	The banker contacted the president .	non-entailment
The judges were avoided by the manager .	The judges avoided the manager .	non-entailment
The actors were mentioned by the students .	The actors mentioned the students .	non-entailment
The athletes were stopped by the actors .	The athletes stopped the actors .	non-entailment
The actor was admired by the artist .	The actor admired the artist .	non-entailment
The authors were avoided by the actors .	The authors avoided the actors .	non-entailment
The artist was believed by the bankers .	The artist believed the bankers .	non-entailment
The banker was avoided by the professors .	The banker avoided the professors .	non-entailment
The students were advised by the actor .	The students advised the actor .	non-entailment
The senator was helped by the scientists .	The senator helped the scientists .	non-entailment
The judges were advised by the artist .	The judges advised the artist .	non-entailment
The secretary was supported by the lawyer .	The secretary supported the lawyer .	non-entailment
The lawyers were encouraged by the scientists .	The lawyers encouraged the scientists .	non-entailment
The secretaries were mentioned by the author .	The secretaries mentioned the author .	non-entailment
The banker was believed by the actor .	The banker believed the actor .	non-entailment
The tourists were encouraged by the lawyers .	The tourists encouraged the lawyers .	non-entailment
The author was advised by the managers .	The author advised the managers .	non-entailment
The judges were stopped by the professors .	The judges stopped the professors .	non-entailment
The lawyers were believed by the artists .	The lawyers believed the artists .	non-entailment
The actors were admired by the athlete .	The actors admired the athlete .	non-entailment
The author was stopped by the actor .	The author stopped the actor .	non-entailment
The lawyers were stopped by the president .	The lawyers stopped the president .	non-entailment
The authors were thanked by the doctors .	The authors thanked the doctors .	non-entailment
The lawyer was contacted by the tourist .	The lawyer contacted the tourist .	non-entailment
The artists were admired by the student .	The artists admired the student .	non-entailment
The professors were admired by the bankers .	The professors admired the bankers .	non-entailment
The actor was encouraged by the artists .	The actor encouraged the artists .	non-entailment
The professor was admired by the athletes .	The professor admired the athletes .	non-entailment
The president was introduced by the tourists .	The president introduced the tourists .	non-entailment
The judge was avoided by the banker .	The judge avoided the banker .	non-entailment
The lawyer was avoided by the secretaries .	The lawyer avoided the secretaries .	non-entailment
The professor was encouraged by the secretary .	The professor encouraged the secretary .	non-entailment
The senator was avoided by the student .	The senator avoided the student .	non-entailment
The presidents were stopped by the doctors .	The presidents stopped the doctors .	non-entailment
The lawyers were helped by the judge .	The lawyers helped the judge .	non-entailment
The lawyers were avoided by the actor .	The lawyers avoided the actor .	non-entailment
The athletes were contacted by the actors .	The athletes contacted the actors .	non-entailment
The professor was believed by the manager .	The professor believed the manager .	non-entailment
The banker was introduced by the president .	The banker introduced the president .	non-entailment
The senators were contacted by the scientist .	The senators contacted the scientist .	non-entailment
The athletes were encouraged by the president .	The athletes encouraged the president .	non-entailment
The tourists were mentioned by the judge .	The tourists mentioned the judge .	non-entailment
The secretaries were thanked by the athlete .	The secretaries thanked the athlete .	non-entailment
The senator was recognized by the artists .	The senator recognized the artists .	non-entailment
The students were contacted by the judge .	The students contacted the judge .	non-entailment
The athlete was mentioned by the bankers .	The athlete mentioned the bankers .	non-entailment
The secretary was introduced by the judges .	The secretary introduced the judges .	non-entailment
The judge was encouraged by the lawyers .	The judge encouraged the lawyers .	non-entailment
The lawyers were thanked by the tourist .	The lawyers thanked the tourist .	non-entailment
The president was stopped by the author .	The president stopped the author .	non-entailment
The doctor was encouraged by the actor .	The doctor encouraged the actor .	non-entailment
The banker was encouraged by the athletes .	The banker encouraged the athletes .	non-entailment
The artists were supported by the scientists .	The artists supported the scientists .	non-entailment
The judge was introduced by the actor .	The judge introduced the actor .	non-entailment
The actors were advised by the scientists .	The actors advised the scientists .	non-entailment
The authors were contacted by the actor .	The authors contacted the actor .	non-entailment
The doctors were contacted by the lawyer .	The doctors contacted the lawyer .	non-entailment
The senators were stopped by the student .	The senators stopped the student .	non-entailment
The president was avoided by the artist .	The president avoided the artist .	non-entailment
The scientist was introduced by the athlete .	The scientist introduced the athlete .	non-entailment
The secretary was contacted by the actor .	The secretary contacted the actor .	non-entailment
The presidents were encouraged by the secretary .	The presidents encouraged the secretary .	non-entailment
The managers were thanked by the bankers .	The managers thanked the bankers .	non-entailment
The actors were encouraged by the president .	The actors encouraged the president .	non-entailment
The artist was introduced by the doctors .	The artist introduced the doctors .	non-entailment
The doctors were stopped by the manager .	The doctors stopped the manager .	non-entailment
The manager was advised by the lawyer .	The manager advised the lawyer .	non-entailment
The scientist was believed by the actors .	The scientist believed the actors .	non-entailment
The tourists were advised by the scientists .	The tourists advised the scientists .	non-entailment
The presidents were avoided by the banker .	The presidents avoided the banker .	non-entailment
The doctor was recognized by the author .	The doctor recognized the author .	non-entailment
The author was advised by the professor .	The author advised the professor .	non-entailment
The authors were avoided by the senators .	The authors avoided the senators .	non-entailment
The doctor was introduced by the scientist .	The doctor introduced the scientist .	non-entailment
The senator was stopped by the doctor .	The senator stopped the doctor .	non-entailment
The secretary was contacted by the athletes .	The secretary contacted the athletes .	non-entailment
The athlete was admired by the lawyer .	The athlete admired the lawyer .	non-entailment
The tourist was advised by the scientist .	The tourist advised the scientist .	non-entailment
The students were believed by the senators .	The students believed the senators .	non-entailment
The athlete was encouraged by the judge .	The athlete encouraged the judge .	non-entailment
The bankers were recommended by the student .	The bankers recommended the student .	non-entailment
The presidents were helped by the banker .	The presidents helped the banker .	non-entailment
The lawyer was advised by the secretary .	The lawyer advised the secretary .	non-entailment
The senator was introduced by the managers .	The senator introduced the managers .	non-entailment
The lawyer was recommended by the scientists .	The lawyer recommended the scientists .	non-entailment
The actor was mentioned by the authors .	The actor mentioned the authors .	non-entailment
The authors were believed by the athlete .	The authors believed the athlete .	non-entailment
The lawyers were thanked by the judge .	The lawyers thanked the judge .	non-entailment
The presidents were helped by the actors .	The presidents helped the actors .	non-entailment
The president was stopped by the managers .	The president stopped the managers .	non-entailment
The judges were supported by the secretary .	The judges supported the secretary .	non-entailment
The student was contacted by the banker .	The student contacted the banker .	non-entailment
The bankers were encouraged by the lawyer .	The bankers encouraged the lawyer .	non-entailment
The manager was encouraged by the tourists .	The manager encouraged the tourists .	non-entailment
The artists were admired by the author .	The artists admired the author .	non-entailment
The students were advised by the professors .	The students advised the professors .	non-entailment
The athlete was advised by the senator .	The athlete advised the senator .	non-entailment
The secretary was stopped by the tourists .	The secretary stopped the tourists .	non-entailment
The managers were avoided by the athlete .	The managers avoided the athlete .	non-entailment
The lawyer was advised by the actor .	The lawyer advised the actor .	non-entailment
The actors were encouraged by the artist .	The actors encouraged the artist .	non-entailment
The manager was believed by the doctors .	The manager believed the doctors .	non-entailment
The authors were avoided by the actor .	The authors avoided the actor .	non-entailment
The doctors were stopped by the judges .	The doctors stopped the judges .	non-entailment
The judge was thanked by the author .	The judge thanked the author .	non-entailment
The scientist was thanked by the lawyers .	The scientist thanked the lawyers .	non-entailment
The manager was mentioned by the judge .	The manager mentioned the judge .	non-entailment
The secretaries were introduced by the actors .	The secretaries introduced the actors .	non-entailment
The senators were believed by the authors .	The senators believed the authors .	non-entailment
The athletes were contacted by the presidents .	The athletes contacted the presidents .	non-entailment
The actor was encouraged by the lawyer .	The actor encouraged the lawyer .	non-entailment
The managers were advised by the actor .	The managers advised the actor .	non-entailment
The athlete was encouraged by the scientist .	The athlete encouraged the scientist .	non-entailment
The scientists were advised by the artist .	The scientists advised the artist .	non-entailment
The secretaries were thanked by the author .	The secretaries thanked the author .	non-entailment
The judge was contacted by the lawyer .	The judge contacted the lawyer .	non-entailment
The presidents were stopped by the athlete .	The presidents stopped the athlete .	non-entailment
The bankers were helped by the tourist .	The bankers helped the tourist .	non-entailment
The managers were admired by the banker .	The managers admired the banker .	non-entailment
The tourists were introduced by the artist .	The tourists introduced the artist .	non-entailment
The senator was advised by the actor .	The senator advised the actor .	non-entailment
The artists were recognized by the scientists .	The artists recognized the scientists .	non-entailment
The bankers were supported by the lawyers .	The bankers supported the lawyers .	non-entailment
The manager was encouraged by the actors .	The manager encouraged the actors .	non-entailment
The student was supported by the judge .	The student supported the judge .	non-entailment
The actor was recognized by the judge .	The actor recognized the judge .	non-entailment
The tourists were admired by the authors .	The tourists admired the authors .	non-entailment
The scientists were advised by the professors .	The scientists advised the professors .	non-entailment
The author was contacted by the actors .	The author contacted the actors .	non-entailment
The scientists were supported by the professors .	The scientists supported the professors .	non-entailment
The judge was recommended by the bankers .	The judge recommended the bankers .	non-entailment
The tourists were contacted by the lawyer .	The tourists contacted the lawyer .	non-entailment
The doctors were introduced by the lawyers .	The doctors introduced the lawyers .	non-entailment
The senators were mentioned by the actors .	The senators mentioned the actors .	non-entailment
The managers were advised by the banker .	The managers advised the banker .	non-entailment
The artists were supported by the bankers .	The artists supported the bankers .	non-entailment
The lawyers were advised by the bankers .	The lawyers advised the bankers .	non-entailment
The manager was supported by the secretary .	The manager supported the secretary .	non-entailment
The secretary was mentioned by the lawyer .	The secretary mentioned the lawyer .	non-entailment
The banker was mentioned by the artist .	The banker mentioned the artist .	non-entailment
The tourist was mentioned by the doctors .	The tourist mentioned the doctors .	non-entailment
The doctors were contacted by the athletes .	The doctors contacted the athletes .	non-entailment
The senator was advised by the tourist .	The senator advised the tourist .	non-entailment
The secretaries were contacted by the actors .	The secretaries contacted the actors .	non-entailment
The bankers were introduced by the president .	The bankers introduced the president .	non-entailment
The doctor was mentioned by the artists .	The doctor mentioned the artists .	non-entailment
The authors were helped by the students .	The authors helped the students .	non-entailment
The secretary was recognized by the doctors .	The secretary recognized the doctors .	non-entailment
The president was encouraged by the students .	The president encouraged the students .	non-entailment
The professor was introduced by the scientists .	The professor introduced the scientists .	non-entailment
The lawyer was recognized by the secretaries .	The lawyer recognized the secretaries .	non-entailment
The senators were believed by the athletes .	The senators believed the athletes .	non-entailment
The senators were avoided by the secretaries .	The senators avoided the secretaries .	non-entailment
The athletes were recommended by the tourist .	The athletes recommended the tourist .	non-entailment
The bankers were stopped by the doctors .	The bankers stopped the doctors .	non-entailment
The professors were avoided by the authors .	The professors avoided the authors .	non-entailment
The senators were advised by the lawyer .	The senators advised the lawyer .	non-entailment
The doctor was stopped by the bankers .	The doctor stopped the bankers .	non-entailment
The lawyers were introduced by the presidents .	The lawyers introduced the presidents .	non-entailment
The authors were contacted by the tourists .	The authors contacted the tourists .	non-entailment
The scientists were thanked by the athlete .	The scientists thanked the athlete .	non-entailment
The scientists were mentioned by the authors .	The scientists mentioned the authors .	non-entailment
The manager was stopped by the senator .	The manager stopped the senator .	non-entailment
The manager was thanked by the judges .	The manager thanked the judges .	non-entailment
The actors were contacted by the judges .	The actors contacted the judges .	non-entailment
The actors were believed by the lawyers .	The actors believed the lawyers .	non-entailment
The athlete was mentioned by the banker .	The athlete mentioned the banker .	non-entailment
The lawyer was encouraged by the athlete .	The lawyer encouraged the athlete .	non-entailment
The student was recommended by the athletes .	The student recommended the athletes .	non-entailment
The lawyers were believed by the managers .	The lawyers believed the managers .	non-entailment
The managers were stopped by the authors .	The managers stopped the authors .	non-entailment
The artists were thanked by the secretaries .	The artists thanked the secretaries .	non-entailment
The lawyers were introduced by the manager .	The lawyers introduced the manager .	non-entailment
The secretaries were avoided by the presidents .	The secretaries avoided the presidents .	non-entailment
The secretary was introduced by the student .	The secretary introduced the student .	non-entailment
The bankers were supported by the president .	The bankers supported the president .	non-entailment
The judges were stopped by the secretaries .	The judges stopped the secretaries .	non-entailment
The secretary was admired by the president .	The secretary admired the president .	non-entailment
The actor was contacted by the presidents .	The actor contacted the presidents .	non-entailment
The bankers were supported by the doctors .	The bankers supported the doctors .	non-entailment
The presidents were recognized by the scientists .	The presidents recognized the scientists .	non-entailment
The lawyer was advised by the artists .	The lawyer advised the artists .	non-entailment
The presidents were introduced by the authors .	The presidents introduced the authors .	non-entailment
The managers were stopped by the artists .	The managers stopped the artists .	non-entailment
The athletes were thanked by the tourist .	The athletes thanked the tourist .	non-entailment
The lawyers were recommended by the actors .	The lawyers recommended the actors .	non-entailment
The judge was helped by the athletes .	The judge helped the athletes .	non-entailment
The scientists were introduced by the president .	The scientists introduced the president .	non-entailment
The lawyers were advised by the actor .	The lawyers advised the actor .	non-entailment
The athlete was supported by the artist .	The athlete supported the artist .	non-entailment
The president was recognized by the lawyer .	The president recognized the lawyer .	non-entailment
The senators were recognized by the secretaries .	The senators recognized the secretaries .	non-entailment
The actors were encouraged by the author .	The actors encouraged the author .	non-entailment
The presidents were avoided by the tourists .	The presidents avoided the tourists .	non-entailment
The student was contacted by the tourist .	The student contacted the tourist .	non-entailment
The artists were advised by the scientists .	The artists advised the scientists .	non-entailment
The secretaries were stopped by the lawyer .	The secretaries stopped the lawyer .	non-entailment
The bankers were admired by the judge .	The bankers admired the judge .	non-entailment
The athletes were advised by the banker .	The athletes advised the banker .	non-entailment
The president was avoided by the author .	The president avoided the author .	non-entailment
The senator was helped by the athlete .	The senator helped the athlete .	non-entailment
The lawyer was introduced by the presidents .	The lawyer introduced the presidents .	non-entailment
The professors were contacted by the scientists .	The professors contacted the scientists .	non-entailment
The author was encouraged by the manager .	The author encouraged the manager .	non-entailment
The athlete was avoided by the secretary .	The athlete avoided the secretary .	non-entailment
The managers were recognized by the president .	The managers recognized the president .	non-entailment
The manager was recommended by the judges .	The manager recommended the judges .	non-entailment
The actors were recommended by the senator .	The actors recommended the senator .	non-entailment
The secretary was thanked by the artist .	The secretary thanked the artist .	non-entailment
The scientist was thanked by the professors .	The scientist thanked the professors .	non-entailment
The secretary was helped by the manager .	The secretary helped the manager .	non-entailment
The professors were recognized by the scientist .	The professors recognized the scientist .	non-entailment
The judge was supported by the banker .	The judge supported the banker .	non-entailment
The bankers were contacted by the athletes .	The bankers contacted the athletes .	non-entailment
The lawyer was helped by the professors .	The lawyer helped the professors .	non-entailment
The tourist was recommended by the artist .	The tourist recommended the artist .	non-entailment
The professors were believed by the senator .	The professors believed the senator .	non-entailment
The tourist was supported by the president .	The tourist supported the president .	non-entailment
The student was recommended by the professors .	The student recommended the professors .	non-entailment
The authors were admired by the doctors .	The authors admired the doctors .	non-entailment
The senator was supported by the managers .	The senator supported the managers .	non-entailment
The scientists were recommended by the lawyers .	The scientists recommended the lawyers .	non-entailment
The artists were encouraged by the secretary .	The artists encouraged the secretary .	non-entailment
The tourist was helped by the bankers .	The tourist helped the bankers .	non-entailment
The tourist was advised by the scientists .	The tourist advised the scientists .	non-entailment
The athlete was stopped by the bankers .	The athlete stopped the bankers .	non-entailment
The secretaries were thanked by the doctor .	The secretaries thanked the doctor .	non-entailment
The manager was believed by the bankers .	The manager believed the bankers .	non-entailment
The secretaries were recommended by the tourist .	The secretaries recommended the tourist .	non-entailment
The managers were recognized by the senators .	The managers recognized the senators .	non-entailment
The actor was supported by the presidents .	The actor supported the presidents .	non-entailment
The bankers were helped by the authors .	The bankers helped the authors .	non-entailment
The tourist was supported by the actors .	The tourist supported the actors .	non-entailment
The professor was believed by the athlete .	The professor believed the athlete .	non-entailment
The athletes were stopped by the judges .	The athletes stopped the judges .	non-entailment
The professors were encouraged by the athlete .	The professors encouraged the athlete .	non-entailment
The managers were stopped by the artist .	The managers stopped the artist .	non-entailment
The doctors were believed by the authors .	The doctors believed the authors .	non-entailment
The judge was admired by the author .	The judge admired the author .	non-entailment
The lawyers were recommended by the actor .	The lawyers recommended the actor .	non-entailment
The president was recognized by the actors .	The president recognized the actors .	non-entailment
The artists were helped by the judge .	The artists helped the judge .	non-entailment
The scientists were contacted by the doctors .	The scientists contacted the doctors .	non-entailment
The student was recognized by the secretary .	The student recognized the secretary .	non-entailment
The authors were helped by the presidents .	The authors helped the presidents .	non-entailment
The presidents were recommended by the authors .	The presidents recommended the authors .	non-entailment
The athlete was thanked by the doctors .	The athlete thanked the doctors .	non-entailment
The artist was avoided by the actor .	The artist avoided the actor .	non-entailment
The banker was supported by the author .	The banker supported the author .	non-entailment
The lawyer was supported by the secretary .	The lawyer supported the secretary .	non-entailment
The president was recognized by the managers .	The president recognized the managers .	non-entailment
The judge was avoided by the students .	The judge avoided the students .	non-entailment
The authors were thanked by the president .	The authors thanked the president .	non-entailment
The actor was helped by the artist .	The actor helped the artist .	non-entailment
The doctors were stopped by the artists .	The doctors stopped the artists .	non-entailment
The authors were avoided by the judges .	The authors avoided the judges .	non-entailment
The student was avoided by the secretary .	The student avoided the secretary .	non-entailment
The scientists were recognized by the managers .	The scientists recognized the managers .	non-entailment
The athlete was believed by the judges .	The athlete believed the judges .	non-entailment
The actor was recommended by the tourist .	The actor recommended the tourist .	non-entailment
The manager was advised by the judge .	The manager advised the judge .	non-entailment
The artist was advised by the actor .	The artist advised the actor .	non-entailment
The athletes were helped by the manager .	The athletes helped the manager .	non-entailment
The lawyer was mentioned by the artists .	The lawyer mentioned the artists .	non-entailment
The artist was recognized by the judge .	The artist recognized the judge .	non-entailment
The athlete was believed by the banker .	The athlete believed the banker .	non-entailment
The banker was supported by the tourist .	The banker supported the tourist .	non-entailment
The president was introduced by the authors .	The president introduced the authors .	non-entailment
The judges were introduced by the professors .	The judges introduced the professors .	non-entailment
The judge was believed by the professors .	The judge believed the professors .	non-entailment
The banker was avoided by the actor .	The banker avoided the actor .	non-entailment
The athlete was introduced by the student .	The athlete introduced the student .	non-entailment
The scientists were advised by the artists .	The scientists advised the artists .	non-entailment
The manager was avoided by the artist .	The manager avoided the artist .	non-entailment
The authors were helped by the banker .	The authors helped the banker .	non-entailment
The secretary was thanked by the tourist .	The secretary thanked the tourist .	non-entailment
The lawyer was believed by the managers .	The lawyer believed the managers .	non-entailment
The actor was introduced by the managers .	The actor introduced the managers .	non-entailment
The senator was recommended by the lawyers .	The senator recommended the lawyers .	non-entailment
The actor was supported by the student .	The actor supported the student .	non-entailment
The bankers were encouraged by the managers .	The bankers encouraged the managers .	non-entailment
The judge was contacted by the author .	The judge contacted the author .	non-entailment
The bankers were advised by the professor .	The bankers advised the professor .	non-entailment
The author was avoided by the professor .	The author avoided the professor .	non-entailment
The senator was thanked by the actors .	The senator thanked the actors .	non-entailment
The managers were recommended by the scientist .	The managers recommended the scientist .	non-entailment
The artist was recognized by the managers .	The artist recognized the managers .	non-entailment
The secretary was advised by the artists .	The secretary advised the artists .	non-entailment
The manager was mentioned by the artist .	The manager mentioned the artist .	non-entailment
The doctors were advised by the judges .	The doctors advised the judges .	non-entailment
The presidents were thanked by the banker .	The presidents thanked the banker .	non-entailment
The doctors were supported by the athletes .	The doctors supported the athletes .	non-entailment
The professors were recognized by the senators .	The professors recognized the senators .	non-entailment
The actor was encouraged by the banker .	The actor encouraged the banker .	non-entailment
The professor was introduced by the doctor .	The professor introduced the doctor .	non-entailment
The senator was advised by the secretary .	The senator advised the secretary .	non-entailment
The athletes were recommended by the secretaries .	The athletes recommended the secretaries .	non-entailment
The artist was admired by the bankers .	The artist admired the bankers .	non-entailment
The doctors were avoided by the senator .	The doctors avoided the senator .	non-entailment
The authors were mentioned by the scientists .	The authors mentioned the scientists .	non-entailment
The athletes were recommended by the students .	The athletes recommended the students .	non-entailment
The tourist was believed by the authors .	The tourist believed the authors .	non-entailment
The manager was avoided by the actors .	The manager avoided the actors .	non-entailment
The student was advised by the scientist .	The student advised the scientist .	non-entailment
The bankers were advised by the judge .	The bankers advised the judge .	non-entailment
The authors were mentioned by the secretaries .	The authors mentioned the secretaries .	non-entailment
The actor was encouraged by the athletes .	The actor encouraged the athletes .	non-entailment
The artists were thanked by the tourists .	The artists thanked the tourists .	non-entailment
The lawyers were mentioned by the doctor .	The lawyers mentioned the doctor .	non-entailment
The tourists were helped by the athletes .	The tourists helped the athletes .	non-entailment
The bankers were helped by the judges .	The bankers helped the judges .	non-entailment
The judges were recommended by the bankers .	The judges recommended the bankers .	non-entailment
The students were thanked by the artists .	The students thanked the artists .	non-entailment
The judges were believed by the bankers .	The judges believed the bankers .	non-entailment
The senator was believed by the managers .	The senator believed the managers .	non-entailment
The actor was recommended by the secretaries .	The actor recommended the secretaries .	non-entailment
The tourists were encouraged by the professor .	The tourists encouraged the professor .	non-entailment
The lawyers were thanked by the author .	The lawyers thanked the author .	non-entailment
The doctors were recommended by the authors .	The doctors recommended the authors .	non-entailment
The tourists were introduced by the president .	The tourists introduced the president .	non-entailment
The professors were contacted by the scientist .	The professors contacted the scientist .	non-entailment
The doctor was supported by the manager .	The doctor supported the manager .	non-entailment
The judges were stopped by the artist .	The judges stopped the artist .	non-entailment
The banker was helped by the senator .	The banker helped the senator .	non-entailment
The athletes were contacted by the president .	The athletes contacted the president .	non-entailment
The students were recognized by the scientists .	The students recognized the scientists .	non-entailment
The lawyers were mentioned by the actors .	The lawyers mentioned the actors .	non-entailment
The president was encouraged by the lawyers .	The president encouraged the lawyers .	non-entailment
The professor was contacted by the presidents .	The professor contacted the presidents .	non-entailment
The senators were avoided by the lawyers .	The senators avoided the lawyers .	non-entailment
The doctors were believed by the judges .	The doctors believed the judges .	non-entailment
The president was admired by the manager .	The president admired the manager .	non-entailment
The professor was admired by the tourists .	The professor admired the tourists .	non-entailment
The scientist was stopped by the senator .	The scientist stopped the senator .	non-entailment
The author was supported by the professors .	The author supported the professors .	non-entailment
The banker was stopped by the tourists .	The banker stopped the tourists .	non-entailment
The scientists were mentioned by the professor .	The scientists mentioned the professor .	non-entailment
The president was mentioned by the doctors .	The president mentioned the doctors .	non-entailment
The banker was stopped by the managers .	The banker stopped the managers .	non-entailment
The president was thanked by the author .	The president thanked the author .	non-entailment
The lawyer was mentioned by the author .	The lawyer mentioned the author .	non-entailment
The senators were encouraged by the students .	The senators encouraged the students .	non-entailment
The scientist was stopped by the actor .	The scientist stopped the actor .	non-entailment
The presidents were supported by the doctor .	The presidents supported the doctor .	non-entailment
The doctor was recommended by the secretaries .	The doctor recommended the secretaries .	non-entailment
The judge was recognized by the actor .	The judge recognized the actor .	non-entailment
The authors were admired by the athletes .	The authors admired the athletes .	non-entailment
The author was helped by the student .	The author helped the student .	non-entailment
The managers were stopped by the actors .	The managers stopped the actors .	non-entailment
The actor was supported by the senator .	The actor supported the senator .	non-entailment
The athlete was introduced by the secretary .	The athlete introduced the secretary .	non-entailment
The authors were recognized by the bankers .	The authors recognized the bankers .	non-entailment
The bankers were stopped by the scientist .	The bankers stopped the scientist .	non-entailment
The president was helped by the secretaries .	The president helped the secretaries .	non-entailment
The lawyers were avoided by the secretary .	The lawyers avoided the secretary .	non-entailment
The banker was stopped by the senator .	The banker stopped the senator .	non-entailment
The athletes were admired by the author .	The athletes admired the author .	non-entailment
The doctor was contacted by the lawyers .	The doctor contacted the lawyers .	non-entailment
The students were mentioned by the athlete .	The students mentioned the athlete .	non-entailment
The artist was helped by the athletes .	The artist helped the athletes .	non-entailment
The athlete was encouraged by the bankers .	The athlete encouraged the bankers .	non-entailment
The secretary was admired by the artists .	The secretary admired the artists .	non-entailment
The judges were recognized by the lawyers .	The judges recognized the lawyers .	non-entailment
The scientist was contacted by the judges .	The scientist contacted the judges .	non-entailment
The manager was recognized by the doctors .	The manager recognized the doctors .	non-entailment
The lawyer was advised by the tourists .	The lawyer advised the tourists .	non-entailment
The doctors were thanked by the actors .	The doctors thanked the actors .	non-entailment
The lawyers were supported by the artists .	The lawyers supported the artists .	non-entailment
The students were advised by the tourists .	The students advised the tourists .	non-entailment
The doctor was contacted by the managers .	The doctor contacted the managers .	non-entailment
The tourist was avoided by the president .	The tourist avoided the president .	non-entailment
The tourists were avoided by the actor .	The tourists avoided the actor .	non-entailment
The scientist was recommended by the bankers .	The scientist recommended the bankers .	non-entailment
The professors were believed by the doctors .	The professors believed the doctors .	non-entailment
The senators were recognized by the students .	The senators recognized the students .	non-entailment
The lawyer was mentioned by the president .	The lawyer mentioned the president .	non-entailment
The scientist was supported by the secretaries .	The scientist supported the secretaries .	non-entailment
The actors were helped by the artist .	The actors helped the artist .	non-entailment
The professors were admired by the senator .	The professors admired the senator .	non-entailment
The secretary was contacted by the students .	The secretary contacted the students .	non-entailment
The manager was helped by the athletes .	The manager helped the athletes .	non-entailment
The doctors were mentioned by the judge .	The doctors mentioned the judge .	non-entailment
The senator was encouraged by the tourist .	The senator encouraged the tourist .	non-entailment
The student was contacted by the authors .	The student contacted the authors .	non-entailment
The students were thanked by the senator .	The students thanked the senator .	non-entailment
The authors were advised by the lawyer .	The authors advised the lawyer .	non-entailment
The professors were recognized by the lawyers .	The professors recognized the lawyers .	non-entailment
The professor was avoided by the presidents .	The professor avoided the presidents .	non-entailment
The judges were thanked by the artists .	The judges thanked the artists .	non-entailment
The artists were supported by the student .	The artists supported the student .	non-entailment
The athlete was helped by the tourist .	The athlete helped the tourist .	non-entailment
The scientists were thanked by the artists .	The scientists thanked the artists .	non-entailment
The author was encouraged by the artist .	The author encouraged the artist .	non-entailment
The scientist was encouraged by the lawyers .	The scientist encouraged the lawyers .	non-entailment
The artist was admired by the manager .	The artist admired the manager .	non-entailment
The student was advised by the doctors .	The student advised the doctors .	non-entailment
The judge was believed by the lawyer .	The judge believed the lawyer .	non-entailment
The artists were advised by the banker .	The artists advised the banker .	non-entailment
The manager was encouraged by the secretary .	The manager encouraged the secretary .	non-entailment
The actor was stopped by the professor .	The actor stopped the professor .	non-entailment
The students were helped by the senators .	The students helped the senators .	non-entailment
The senator was thanked by the manager .	The senator thanked the manager .	non-entailment
The professor was recommended by the artists .	The professor recommended the artists .	non-entailment
The actor was advised by the bankers .	The actor advised the bankers .	non-entailment
The secretaries were believed by the senator .	The secretaries believed the senator .	non-entailment
The artists were contacted by the authors .	The artists contacted the authors .	non-entailment
The artists were recognized by the secretary .	The artists recognized the secretary .	non-entailment
The secretary was recognized by the president .	The secretary recognized the president .	non-entailment
The senator was avoided by the manager .	The senator avoided the manager .	non-entailment
The artists were introduced by the authors .	The artists introduced the authors .	non-entailment
The doctor was avoided by the lawyer .	The doctor avoided the lawyer .	non-entailment
The author was believed by the scientists .	The author believed the scientists .	non-entailment
The tourist was believed by the manager .	The tourist believed the manager .	non-entailment
The professor was recommended by the doctor .	The professor recommended the doctor .	non-entailment
The athlete was helped by the actor .	The athlete helped the actor .	non-entailment
The senator was believed by the professor .	The senator believed the professor .	non-entailment
The lawyer was contacted by the president .	The lawyer contacted the president .	non-entailment
The secretaries were helped by the scientists .	The secretaries helped the scientists .	non-entailment
The president was supported by the scientist .	The president supported the scientist .	non-entailment
The lawyer was helped by the students .	The lawyer helped the students .	non-entailment
The president was recognized by the scientists .	The president recognized the scientists .	non-entailment
The artist was supported by the professor .	The artist supported the professor .	non-entailment
The artists were recognized by the tourist .	The artists recognized the tourist .	non-entailment
The presidents were stopped by the senators .	The presidents stopped the senators .	non-entailment
The doctor was admired by the student .	The doctor admired the student .	non-entailment
The secretaries were avoided by the banker .	The secretaries avoided the banker .	non-entailment
The senator was recommended by the judges .	The senator recommended the judges .	non-entailment
The president was recommended by the athletes .	The president recommended the athletes .	non-entailment
The judge was encouraged by the senators .	The judge encouraged the senators .	non-entailment
The scientist was advised by the doctors .	The scientist advised the doctors .	non-entailment
The secretary was introduced by the scientists .	The secretary introduced the scientists .	non-entailment
The managers were introduced by the senator .	The managers introduced the senator .	non-entailment
The professor was supported by the athletes .	The professor supported the athletes .	non-entailment
The managers were believed by the authors .	The managers believed the authors .	non-entailment
The senator was admired by the secretaries .	The senator admired the secretaries .	non-entailment
The lawyer was admired by the judge .	The lawyer admired the judge .	non-entailment
The students were helped by the managers .	The students helped the managers .	non-entailment
The athlete was stopped by the manager .	The athlete stopped the manager .	non-entailment
The managers were encouraged by the judges .	The managers encouraged the judges .	non-entailment
The actors were avoided by the senator .	The actors avoided the senator .	non-entailment
The manager was encouraged by the scientist .	The manager encouraged the scientist .	non-entailment
The student was introduced by the judges .	The student introduced the judges .	non-entailment
The manager was stopped by the athletes .	The manager stopped the athletes .	non-entailment
The student was believed by the artists .	The student believed the artists .	non-entailment
The lawyers were stopped by the scientist .	The lawyers stopped the scientist .	non-entailment
The lawyer was thanked by the managers .	The lawyer thanked the managers .	non-entailment
The artists were avoided by the senator .	The artists avoided the senator .	non-entailment
The tourists were supported by the professor .	The tourists supported the professor .	non-entailment
The managers were contacted by the actor .	The managers contacted the actor .	non-entailment
The secretaries were encouraged by the senators .	The secretaries encouraged the senators .	non-entailment
The artists were recommended by the doctors .	The artists recommended the doctors .	non-entailment
The tourists were introduced by the scientist .	The tourists introduced the scientist .	non-entailment
The bankers were contacted by the artists .	The bankers contacted the artists .	non-entailment
The tourist was stopped by the scientists .	The tourist stopped the scientists .	non-entailment
The presidents were advised by the scientist .	The presidents advised the scientist .	non-entailment
The artist was stopped by the student .	The artist stopped the student .	non-entailment
The senators were avoided by the student .	The senators avoided the student .	non-entailment
The judge was believed by the secretary .	The judge believed the secretary .	non-entailment
The tourists were introduced by the actor .	The tourists introduced the actor .	non-entailment
The athlete was thanked by the tourists .	The athlete thanked the tourists .	non-entailment
The bankers were mentioned by the student .	The bankers mentioned the student .	non-entailment
The secretaries were helped by the lawyers .	The secretaries helped the lawyers .	non-entailment
The banker was recognized by the professor .	The banker recognized the professor .	non-entailment
The judge was encouraged by the doctors .	The judge encouraged the doctors .	non-entailment
The banker was recognized by the lawyers .	The banker recognized the lawyers .	non-entailment
The athlete was helped by the tourists .	The athlete helped the tourists .	non-entailment
The student was encouraged by the manager .	The student encouraged the manager .	non-entailment
The scientists were contacted by the students .	The scientists contacted the students .	non-entailment
The athlete was helped by the managers .	The athlete helped the managers .	non-entailment
The president was mentioned by the athlete .	The president mentioned the athlete .	non-entailment
The students were recognized by the artist .	The students recognized the artist .	non-entailment
The author was advised by the manager .	The author advised the manager .	non-entailment
The athletes were contacted by the tourist .	The athletes contacted the tourist .	non-entailment
The secretaries were helped by the bankers .	The secretaries helped the bankers .	non-entailment
The lawyers were advised by the judge .	The lawyers advised the judge .	non-entailment
The scientists were avoided by the bankers .	The scientists avoided the bankers .	non-entailment
The athlete was believed by the artists .	The athlete believed the artists .	non-entailment
The lawyers were mentioned by the professors .	The lawyers mentioned the professors .	non-entailment
The manager was advised by the professor .	The manager advised the professor .	non-entailment
The students were admired by the actors .	The students admired the actors .	non-entailment
The authors were supported by the tourist .	The authors supported the tourist .	non-entailment
The actors were avoided by the tourist .	The actors avoided the tourist .	non-entailment
The banker was believed by the students .	The banker believed the students .	non-entailment
The judge was encouraged by the secretary .	The judge encouraged the secretary .	non-entailment
The president was encouraged by the senator .	The president encouraged the senator .	non-entailment
The managers were recommended by the senator .	The managers recommended the senator .	non-entailment
The author was supported by the president .	The author supported the president .	non-entailment
The professor was helped by the manager .	The professor helped the manager .	non-entailment
The actor was believed by the athlete .	The actor believed the athlete .	non-entailment
The authors were advised by the bankers .	The authors advised the bankers .	non-entailment
The athlete was encouraged by the banker .	The athlete encouraged the banker .	non-entailment
The banker was avoided by the athletes .	The banker avoided the athletes .	non-entailment
The judges were helped by the banker .	The judges helped the banker .	non-entailment
The actors were recommended by the athletes .	The actors recommended the athletes .	non-entailment
The professors were advised by the artist .	The professors advised the artist .	non-entailment
The manager was believed by the actor .	The manager believed the actor .	non-entailment
The student was introduced by the senators .	The student introduced the senators .	non-entailment
The secretary was supported by the professors .	The secretary supported the professors .	non-entailment
The secretaries were believed by the doctor .	The secretaries believed the doctor .	non-entailment
The author was recommended by the secretary .	The author recommended the secretary .	non-entailment
The manager was stopped by the tourist .	The manager stopped the tourist .	non-entailment
The managers were recommended by the athlete .	The managers recommended the athlete .	non-entailment
The actor was avoided by the senators .	The actor avoided the senators .	non-entailment
The secretary was avoided by the president .	The secretary avoided the president .	non-entailment
The actors were admired by the artists .	The actors admired the artists .	non-entailment
The bankers were thanked by the presidents .	The bankers thanked the presidents .	non-entailment
The senators were encouraged by the scientists .	The senators encouraged the scientists .	non-entailment
The banker was admired by the scientist .	The banker admired the scientist .	non-entailment
The professor was recognized by the authors .	The professor recognized the authors .	non-entailment
The athlete was helped by the doctors .	The athlete helped the doctors .	non-entailment
The bankers were stopped by the tourist .	The bankers stopped the tourist .	non-entailment
The president was stopped by the artists .	The president stopped the artists .	non-entailment
The tourists were avoided by the bankers .	The tourists avoided the bankers .	non-entailment
The managers were advised by the artists .	The managers advised the artists .	non-entailment
The banker was recognized by the manager .	The banker recognized the manager .	non-entailment
The tourist was introduced by the actor .	The tourist introduced the actor .	non-entailment
The bankers were thanked by the author .	The bankers thanked the author .	non-entailment
The banker was mentioned by the authors .	The banker mentioned the authors .	non-entailment
The actors were introduced by the tourists .	The actors introduced the tourists .	non-entailment
The author was mentioned by the judge .	The author mentioned the judge .	non-entailment
The athlete was avoided by the president .	The athlete avoided the president .	non-entailment
The professor was believed by the artists .	The professor believed the artists .	non-entailment
The doctors were stopped by the professor .	The doctors stopped the professor .	non-entailment
The senators were helped by the secretary .	The senators helped the secretary .	non-entailment
The managers were admired by the artists .	The managers admired the artists .	non-entailment
The actor was helped by the lawyer .	The actor helped the lawyer .	non-entailment
The students were helped by the actors .	The students helped the actors .	non-entailment
The president was thanked by the secretaries .	The president thanked the secretaries .	non-entailment
The senator was believed by the authors .	The senator believed the authors .	non-entailment
The bankers were avoided by the manager .	The bankers avoided the manager .	non-entailment
The authors were thanked by the lawyer .	The authors thanked the lawyer .	non-entailment
The tourist was recognized by the presidents .	The tourist recognized the presidents .	non-entailment
The scientist was supported by the managers .	The scientist supported the managers .	non-entailment
The managers were mentioned by the artist .	The managers mentioned the artist .	non-entailment
The tourist was avoided by the banker .	The tourist avoided the banker .	non-entailment
The professor was stopped by the students .	The professor stopped the students .	non-entailment
The presidents were thanked by the tourist .	The presidents thanked the tourist .	non-entailment
The managers were advised by the lawyer .	The managers advised the lawyer .	non-entailment
The judge was supported by the doctors .	The judge supported the doctors .	non-entailment
The professor was encouraged by the authors .	The professor encouraged the authors .	non-entailment
The students were introduced by the manager .	The students introduced the manager .	non-entailment
The professors were recognized by the tourists .	The professors recognized the tourists .	non-entailment
The secretaries were recommended by the senator .	The secretaries recommended the senator .	non-entailment
The athlete was admired by the tourist .	The athlete admired the tourist .	non-entailment
The scientist was thanked by the judge .	The scientist thanked the judge .	non-entailment
The tourists were introduced by the managers .	The tourists introduced the managers .	non-entailment
The lawyer was mentioned by the actors .	The lawyer mentioned the actors .	non-entailment
The doctors were supported by the professors .	The doctors supported the professors .	non-entailment
The scientists were stopped by the athletes .	The scientists stopped the athletes .	non-entailment
The banker was mentioned by the judge .	The banker mentioned the judge .	non-entailment
The senators were admired by the author .	The senators admired the author .	non-entailment
The presidents were encouraged by the managers .	The presidents encouraged the managers .	non-entailment
The athletes were encouraged by the artists .	The athletes encouraged the artists .	non-entailment
The artist was stopped by the secretary .	The artist stopped the secretary .	non-entailment
The doctors were advised by the tourists .	The doctors advised the tourists .	non-entailment
The professor was stopped by the artist .	The professor stopped the artist .	non-entailment
The student was encouraged by the presidents .	The student encouraged the presidents .	non-entailment
The artist was admired by the scientists .	The artist admired the scientists .	non-entailment
The senators were contacted by the secretaries .	The senators contacted the secretaries .	non-entailment
The judges were supported by the lawyer .	The judges supported the lawyer .	non-entailment
The student was recommended by the athlete .	The student recommended the athlete .	non-entailment
The athlete was admired by the bankers .	The athlete admired the bankers .	non-entailment
The bankers were supported by the judge .	The bankers supported the judge .	non-entailment
The secretary was stopped by the doctor .	The secretary stopped the doctor .	non-entailment
The secretary was helped by the president .	The secretary helped the president .	non-entailment
The professors were advised by the author .	The professors advised the author .	non-entailment
The actor was introduced by the banker .	The actor introduced the banker .	non-entailment
The author was encouraged by the bankers .	The author encouraged the bankers .	non-entailment
The president was avoided by the scientists .	The president avoided the scientists .	non-entailment
The athlete was helped by the students .	The athlete helped the students .	non-entailment
The actor was advised by the managers .	The actor advised the managers .	non-entailment
The athlete was believed by the student .	The athlete believed the student .	non-entailment
The doctors were advised by the banker .	The doctors advised the banker .	non-entailment
The judges were recommended by the scientist .	The judges recommended the scientist .	non-entailment
The managers were avoided by the senator .	The managers avoided the senator .	non-entailment
The doctor was admired by the scientists .	The doctor admired the scientists .	non-entailment
The professors were encouraged by the doctors .	The professors encouraged the doctors .	non-entailment
The lawyers were introduced by the tourist .	The lawyers introduced the tourist .	non-entailment
The athletes were mentioned by the scientists .	The athletes mentioned the scientists .	non-entailment
The scientists were avoided by the students .	The scientists avoided the students .	non-entailment
The lawyer was recommended by the athletes .	The lawyer recommended the athletes .	non-entailment
The senator was stopped by the lawyer .	The senator stopped the lawyer .	non-entailment
The tourist was introduced by the judges .	The tourist introduced the judges .	non-entailment
The tourists were contacted by the presidents .	The tourists contacted the presidents .	non-entailment
The senator was encouraged by the artists .	The senator encouraged the artists .	non-entailment
The lawyer was supported by the doctors .	The lawyer supported the doctors .	non-entailment
The judge was stopped by the manager .	The judge stopped the manager .	non-entailment
The president was admired by the students .	The president admired the students .	non-entailment
The senators were introduced by the lawyer .	The senators introduced the lawyer .	non-entailment
The students were introduced by the judge .	The students introduced the judge .	non-entailment
The artists were advised by the lawyers .	The artists advised the lawyers .	non-entailment
The actor was introduced by the manager .	The actor introduced the manager .	non-entailment
The tourist was recognized by the professors .	The tourist recognized the professors .	non-entailment
The scientists were contacted by the managers .	The scientists contacted the managers .	non-entailment
The professor was encouraged by the tourists .	The professor encouraged the tourists .	non-entailment
The secretaries were advised by the athlete .	The secretaries advised the athlete .	non-entailment
The presidents were avoided by the author .	The presidents avoided the author .	non-entailment
The bankers were supported by the students .	The bankers supported the students .	non-entailment
The secretary was stopped by the president .	The secretary stopped the president .	non-entailment
The professors were advised by the judge .	The professors advised the judge .	non-entailment
The students were admired by the author .	The students admired the author .	non-entailment
The actor was recognized by the artist .	The actor recognized the artist .	non-entailment
The managers were supported by the senators .	The managers supported the senators .	non-entailment
The students were introduced by the actor .	The students introduced the actor .	non-entailment
The students were recommended by the president .	The students recommended the president .	non-entailment
The bankers were contacted by the authors .	The bankers contacted the authors .	non-entailment
The tourists were supported by the doctor .	The tourists supported the doctor .	non-entailment
The athletes were avoided by the tourists .	The athletes avoided the tourists .	non-entailment
The president was helped by the tourists .	The president helped the tourists .	non-entailment
The actor was admired by the presidents .	The actor admired the presidents .	non-entailment
The artists were contacted by the scientists .	The artists contacted the scientists .	non-entailment
The secretaries were advised by the banker .	The secretaries advised the banker .	non-entailment
The students were encouraged by the bankers .	The students encouraged the bankers .	non-entailment
The artist was mentioned by the judges .	The artist mentioned the judges .	non-entailment
The managers were admired by the athlete .	The managers admired the athlete .	non-entailment
The student was recommended by the doctors .	The student recommended the doctors .	non-entailment
The professors were mentioned by the president .	The professors mentioned the president .	non-entailment
The presidents were avoided by the bankers .	The presidents avoided the bankers .	non-entailment
The professor was contacted by the doctors .	The professor contacted the doctors .	non-entailment
The scientists were mentioned by the secretary .	The scientists mentioned the secretary .	non-entailment
The doctor was introduced by the actors .	The doctor introduced the actors .	non-entailment
The lawyers were thanked by the managers .	The lawyers thanked the managers .	non-entailment
The senator was encouraged by the scientist .	The senator encouraged the scientist .	non-entailment
The senator was mentioned by the scientist .	The senator mentioned the scientist .	non-entailment
The actor was stopped by the scientists .	The actor stopped the scientists .	non-entailment
The student was introduced by the artists .	The student introduced the artists .	non-entailment
The bankers were believed by the secretaries .	The bankers believed the secretaries .	non-entailment
The actors were believed by the manager .	The actors believed the manager .	non-entailment
The students were stopped by the managers .	The students stopped the managers .	non-entailment
The author was believed by the managers .	The author believed the managers .	non-entailment
The doctors were contacted by the tourist .	The doctors contacted the tourist .	non-entailment
The doctors were admired by the scientist .	The doctors admired the scientist .	non-entailment
The students were recognized by the artists .	The students recognized the artists .	non-entailment
The secretary was recognized by the professors .	The secretary recognized the professors .	non-entailment
The lawyers were helped by the doctor .	The lawyers helped the doctor .	non-entailment
The artist was introduced by the scientists .	The artist introduced the scientists .	non-entailment
The doctors were mentioned by the senators .	The doctors mentioned the senators .	non-entailment
The judges were believed by the students .	The judges believed the students .	non-entailment
The actors were believed by the lawyer .	The actors believed the lawyer .	non-entailment
The doctor was admired by the judges .	The doctor admired the judges .	non-entailment
The tourists were recognized by the athlete .	The tourists recognized the athlete .	non-entailment
The actor was supported by the professors .	The actor supported the professors .	non-entailment
The artists were helped by the senator .	The artists helped the senator .	non-entailment
The banker was thanked by the doctor .	The banker thanked the doctor .	non-entailment
The presidents were admired by the athletes .	The presidents admired the athletes .	non-entailment
The judges were advised by the artists .	The judges advised the artists .	non-entailment
The professor was introduced by the athletes .	The professor introduced the athletes .	non-entailment
The lawyers were helped by the president .	The lawyers helped the president .	non-entailment
The athlete was believed by the secretaries .	The athlete believed the secretaries .	non-entailment
The banker was mentioned by the scientists .	The banker mentioned the scientists .	non-entailment
The artist was recommended by the presidents .	The artist recommended the presidents .	non-entailment
The actors were supported by the lawyer .	The actors supported the lawyer .	non-entailment
The president was thanked by the authors .	The president thanked the authors .	non-entailment
The senators were advised by the managers .	The senators advised the managers .	non-entailment
The judge was contacted by the senator .	The judge contacted the senator .	non-entailment
The students were believed by the secretary .	The students believed the secretary .	non-entailment
The author was believed by the bankers .	The author believed the bankers .	non-entailment
The students were stopped by the scientist .	The students stopped the scientist .	non-entailment
The artist was introduced by the secretary .	The artist introduced the secretary .	non-entailment
The judge was recommended by the banker .	The judge recommended the banker .	non-entailment
The tourist was admired by the president .	The tourist admired the president .	non-entailment
The scientist was thanked by the secretaries .	The scientist thanked the secretaries .	non-entailment
The lawyer was admired by the author .	The lawyer admired the author .	non-entailment
The authors were encouraged by the actors .	The authors encouraged the actors .	non-entailment
The tourists were contacted by the secretary .	The tourists contacted the secretary .	non-entailment
The manager was supported by the lawyer .	The manager supported the lawyer .	non-entailment
The managers were mentioned by the presidents .	The managers mentioned the presidents .	non-entailment
The scientists were advised by the judges .	The scientists advised the judges .	non-entailment
The manager was admired by the student .	The manager admired the student .	non-entailment
The author was advised by the lawyers .	The author advised the lawyers .	non-entailment
The scientist was encouraged by the doctor .	The scientist encouraged the doctor .	non-entailment
The presidents were stopped by the students .	The presidents stopped the students .	non-entailment
The student was introduced by the senator .	The student introduced the senator .	non-entailment
The judge was contacted by the doctors .	The judge contacted the doctors .	non-entailment
The president was encouraged by the secretary .	The president encouraged the secretary .	non-entailment
The lawyer was supported by the managers .	The lawyer supported the managers .	non-entailment
The lawyers were helped by the banker .	The lawyers helped the banker .	non-entailment
The lawyers were recommended by the banker .	The lawyers recommended the banker .	non-entailment
The doctor was admired by the bankers .	The doctor admired the bankers .	non-entailment
The banker was avoided by the students .	The banker avoided the students .	non-entailment
The managers were admired by the judge .	The managers admired the judge .	non-entailment
The tourist was advised by the manager .	The tourist advised the manager .	non-entailment
The scientist was admired by the president .	The scientist admired the president .	non-entailment
The president was encouraged by the judge .	The president encouraged the judge .	non-entailment
The senators were helped by the president .	The senators helped the president .	non-entailment
The bankers were avoided by the lawyers .	The bankers avoided the lawyers .	non-entailment
The actor was encouraged by the senator .	The actor encouraged the senator .	non-entailment
The president was helped by the senator .	The president helped the senator .	non-entailment
The professor was advised by the tourists .	The professor advised the tourists .	non-entailment
The student was recommended by the scientists .	The student recommended the scientists .	non-entailment
The artist was stopped by the judges .	The artist stopped the judges .	non-entailment
The judges were introduced by the bankers .	The judges introduced the bankers .	non-entailment
The senator was introduced by the lawyers .	The senator introduced the lawyers .	non-entailment
The student was encouraged by the managers .	The student encouraged the managers .	non-entailment
The artist was admired by the tourists .	The artist admired the tourists .	non-entailment
The tourists were thanked by the student .	The tourists thanked the student .	non-entailment
The president was stopped by the secretaries .	The president stopped the secretaries .	non-entailment
The senator was thanked by the tourists .	The senator thanked the tourists .	non-entailment
The artist was recognized by the students .	The artist recognized the students .	non-entailment
The scientists were mentioned by the athletes .	The scientists mentioned the athletes .	non-entailment
The secretaries were supported by the scientists .	The secretaries supported the scientists .	non-entailment
The tourists were believed by the senators .	The tourists believed the senators .	non-entailment
The authors were helped by the president .	The authors helped the president .	non-entailment
The banker was stopped by the athletes .	The banker stopped the athletes .	non-entailment
The presidents were helped by the student .	The presidents helped the student .	non-entailment
The doctor was introduced by the senators .	The doctor introduced the senators .	non-entailment
The tourist was encouraged by the scientist .	The tourist encouraged the scientist .	non-entailment
The banker was encouraged by the professor .	The banker encouraged the professor .	non-entailment
The bankers were mentioned by the students .	The bankers mentioned the students .	non-entailment
The lawyers were recommended by the artists .	The lawyers recommended the artists .	non-entailment
The students were introduced by the scientist .	The students introduced the scientist .	non-entailment
The professors were admired by the students .	The professors admired the students .	non-entailment
The senator was advised by the doctors .	The senator advised the doctors .	non-entailment
The artist was helped by the athlete .	The artist helped the athlete .	non-entailment
The professor was introduced by the judges .	The professor introduced the judges .	non-entailment
The student was avoided by the bankers .	The student avoided the bankers .	non-entailment
The judge was avoided by the athletes .	The judge avoided the athletes .	non-entailment
The doctors were believed by the author .	The doctors believed the author .	non-entailment
The judge was helped by the doctors .	The judge helped the doctors .	non-entailment
The actor was introduced by the students .	The actor introduced the students .	non-entailment
The judges were thanked by the artist .	The judges thanked the artist .	non-entailment
The scientists were stopped by the lawyer .	The scientists stopped the lawyer .	non-entailment
The secretaries were recommended by the banker .	The secretaries recommended the banker .	non-entailment
The professor was mentioned by the senators .	The professor mentioned the senators .	non-entailment
The students were mentioned by the athletes .	The students mentioned the athletes .	non-entailment
The scientists were introduced by the author .	The scientists introduced the author .	non-entailment
The actor was contacted by the secretary .	The actor contacted the secretary .	non-entailment
The athletes were advised by the tourist .	The athletes advised the tourist .	non-entailment
The doctors were stopped by the athletes .	The doctors stopped the athletes .	non-entailment
The judges were recognized by the professor .	The judges recognized the professor .	non-entailment
The doctors were contacted by the secretaries .	The doctors contacted the secretaries .	non-entailment
The doctors were stopped by the student .	The doctors stopped the student .	non-entailment
The scientists were admired by the managers .	The scientists admired the managers .	non-entailment
The actor was introduced by the lawyers .	The actor introduced the lawyers .	non-entailment
The author was stopped by the scientists .	The author stopped the scientists .	non-entailment
The actors were admired by the tourist .	The actors admired the tourist .	non-entailment
The lawyer was contacted by the banker .	The lawyer contacted the banker .	non-entailment
The actors were advised by the secretary .	The actors advised the secretary .	non-entailment
The judges were recognized by the senators .	The judges recognized the senators .	non-entailment
The secretaries were avoided by the author .	The secretaries avoided the author .	non-entailment
The judges were supported by the actors .	The judges supported the actors .	non-entailment
The artist was avoided by the senator .	The artist avoided the senator .	non-entailment
The athlete was supported by the bankers .	The athlete supported the bankers .	non-entailment
The doctor was mentioned by the athletes .	The doctor mentioned the athletes .	non-entailment
The judge was introduced by the secretaries .	The judge introduced the secretaries .	non-entailment
The scientist was introduced by the bankers .	The scientist introduced the bankers .	non-entailment
The student was avoided by the manager .	The student avoided the manager .	non-entailment
The authors were helped by the doctor .	The authors helped the doctor .	non-entailment
The senators were recommended by the artists .	The senators recommended the artists .	non-entailment
The doctor was encouraged by the artists .	The doctor encouraged the artists .	non-entailment
The students were advised by the actors .	The students advised the actors .	non-entailment
The authors were thanked by the student .	The authors thanked the student .	non-entailment
The presidents were recognized by the actors .	The presidents recognized the actors .	non-entailment
The actor was helped by the authors .	The actor helped the authors .	non-entailment
The judges were believed by the artist .	The judges believed the artist .	non-entailment
The doctor was helped by the authors .	The doctor helped the authors .	non-entailment
The artists were avoided by the students .	The artists avoided the students .	non-entailment
The secretary was believed by the scientist .	The secretary believed the scientist .	non-entailment
The artists were thanked by the lawyer .	The artists thanked the lawyer .	non-entailment
The athlete was advised by the lawyers .	The athlete advised the lawyers .	non-entailment
The senators were believed by the secretaries .	The senators believed the secretaries .	non-entailment
The manager was admired by the students .	The manager admired the students .	non-entailment
The manager was avoided by the president .	The manager avoided the president .	non-entailment
The senator was avoided by the lawyers .	The senator avoided the lawyers .	non-entailment
The lawyer was introduced by the banker .	The lawyer introduced the banker .	non-entailment
The tourists were admired by the bankers .	The tourists admired the bankers .	non-entailment
The banker was thanked by the artist .	The banker thanked the artist .	non-entailment
The doctors were avoided by the judge .	The doctors avoided the judge .	non-entailment
The senator was mentioned by the authors .	The senator mentioned the authors .	non-entailment
The artists were recognized by the senators .	The artists recognized the senators .	non-entailment
The senator was introduced by the doctors .	The senator introduced the doctors .	non-entailment
The scientists were mentioned by the artists .	The scientists mentioned the artists .	non-entailment
The secretary was avoided by the tourists .	The secretary avoided the tourists .	non-entailment
The judges were recommended by the artist .	The judges recommended the artist .	non-entailment
The authors were believed by the actors .	The authors believed the actors .	non-entailment
The scientists were recognized by the judge .	The scientists recognized the judge .	non-entailment
The students were avoided by the presidents .	The students avoided the presidents .	non-entailment
The actor was admired by the managers .	The actor admired the managers .	non-entailment
The professors were helped by the secretaries .	The professors helped the secretaries .	non-entailment
The athletes were supported by the tourist .	The athletes supported the tourist .	non-entailment
The tourists were thanked by the athlete .	The tourists thanked the athlete .	non-entailment
The student was supported by the professors .	The student supported the professors .	non-entailment
The athletes were admired by the bankers .	The athletes admired the bankers .	non-entailment
The tourist was recommended by the doctor .	The tourist recommended the doctor .	non-entailment
The scientists were mentioned by the banker .	The scientists mentioned the banker .	non-entailment
The presidents were advised by the athlete .	The presidents advised the athlete .	non-entailment
The scientist was helped by the professors .	The scientist helped the professors .	non-entailment
The artists were supported by the secretary .	The artists supported the secretary .	non-entailment
The artist was mentioned by the banker .	The artist mentioned the banker .	non-entailment
The athletes were admired by the presidents .	The athletes admired the presidents .	non-entailment
The bankers were helped by the judge .	The bankers helped the judge .	non-entailment
The doctors were supported by the banker .	The doctors supported the banker .	non-entailment
The professor was avoided by the manager .	The professor avoided the manager .	non-entailment
The athlete was contacted by the tourists .	The athlete contacted the tourists .	non-entailment
The author was supported by the senator .	The author supported the senator .	non-entailment
The manager was thanked by the actors .	The manager thanked the actors .	non-entailment
The banker was admired by the actor .	The banker admired the actor .	non-entailment
The doctors were stopped by the athlete .	The doctors stopped the athlete .	non-entailment
The managers were recommended by the professors .	The managers recommended the professors .	non-entailment
The authors were introduced by the judges .	The authors introduced the judges .	non-entailment
The students were thanked by the doctors .	The students thanked the doctors .	non-entailment
The managers were introduced by the students .	The managers introduced the students .	non-entailment
The actors were recognized by the secretaries .	The actors recognized the secretaries .	non-entailment
The secretaries were stopped by the athlete .	The secretaries stopped the athlete .	non-entailment
The judge was admired by the athletes .	The judge admired the athletes .	non-entailment
The doctors were recommended by the lawyers .	The doctors recommended the lawyers .	non-entailment
The doctors were thanked by the author .	The doctors thanked the author .	non-entailment
The actors were mentioned by the judges .	The actors mentioned the judges .	non-entailment
The professors were supported by the tourist .	The professors supported the tourist .	non-entailment
The senators were recommended by the managers .	The senators recommended the managers .	non-entailment
The students were recommended by the secretary .	The students recommended the secretary .	non-entailment
The athlete was introduced by the doctors .	The athlete introduced the doctors .	non-entailment
The secretary and the managers saw the actor .	The secretary saw the managers .	non-entailment
The doctors advised the presidents and the tourists .	The tourists advised the presidents .	non-entailment
The authors recognized the president and the judges .	The judges recognized the president .	non-entailment
The students and the lawyer recommended the secretary .	The students recommended the lawyer .	non-entailment
The athlete believed the judges and the artist .	The judges believed the artist .	non-entailment
The senators stopped the judges and the scientists .	The scientists stopped the judges .	non-entailment
The scientist supported the bankers and the doctor .	The bankers supported the doctor .	non-entailment
The professor and the senator encouraged the scientist .	The senator encouraged the professor .	non-entailment
The student helped the professor and the manager .	The manager helped the professor .	non-entailment
The president and the artists believed the secretary .	The artists believed the president .	non-entailment
The doctors and the students believed the actors .	The doctors believed the students .	non-entailment
The scientists and the senator mentioned the tourists .	The scientists mentioned the senator .	non-entailment
The actor and the senators contacted the lawyers .	The senators contacted the actor .	non-entailment
The students called the artists and the scientists .	The scientists called the artists .	non-entailment
The tourist recommended the actors and the lawyer .	The lawyer recommended the actors .	non-entailment
The doctor saw the judges and the manager .	The judges saw the manager .	non-entailment
The athlete recognized the actor and the authors .	The actor recognized the authors .	non-entailment
The scientist and the students mentioned the lawyer .	The students mentioned the scientist .	non-entailment
The president and the scientists encouraged the tourist .	The president encouraged the scientists .	non-entailment
The managers and the tourist contacted the athlete .	The managers contacted the tourist .	non-entailment
The athlete mentioned the secretary and the students .	The secretary mentioned the students .	non-entailment
The president and the artist thanked the lawyers .	The president thanked the artist .	non-entailment
The scientists saw the secretaries and the judges .	The secretaries saw the judges .	non-entailment
The bankers and the professors recommended the judge .	The professors recommended the bankers .	non-entailment
The banker thanked the lawyer and the artists .	The lawyer thanked the artists .	non-entailment
The athlete encouraged the doctors and the judges .	The judges encouraged the doctors .	non-entailment
The judges and the tourists avoided the student .	The judges avoided the tourists .	non-entailment
The doctors supported the actors and the secretaries .	The actors supported the secretaries .	non-entailment
The bankers and the scientists saw the senators .	The scientists saw the bankers .	non-entailment
The judges advised the managers and the students .	The students advised the managers .	non-entailment
The students encouraged the professors and the tourists .	The tourists encouraged the professors .	non-entailment
The author helped the athletes and the tourist .	The tourist helped the athletes .	non-entailment
The professors and the artist called the doctor .	The artist called the professors .	non-entailment
The lawyer advised the actor and the tourist .	The tourist advised the actor .	non-entailment
The managers and the senator admired the actors .	The managers admired the senator .	non-entailment
The judges and the professor introduced the secretaries .	The judges introduced the professor .	non-entailment
The actor and the professors supported the artists .	The professors supported the actor .	non-entailment
The manager supported the lawyers and the president .	The lawyers supported the president .	non-entailment
The students and the managers supported the artists .	The managers supported the students .	non-entailment
The president and the judges supported the tourists .	The judges supported the president .	non-entailment
The judge called the artist and the presidents .	The artist called the presidents .	non-entailment
The athletes called the lawyer and the actor .	The lawyer called the actor .	non-entailment
The actors helped the student and the senator .	The senator helped the student .	non-entailment
The actor introduced the athletes and the scientists .	The athletes introduced the scientists .	non-entailment
The senator supported the athletes and the actors .	The athletes supported the actors .	non-entailment
The athletes admired the banker and the actor .	The banker admired the actor .	non-entailment
The actor and the professor recognized the secretary .	The professor recognized the actor .	non-entailment
The doctor encouraged the actors and the professors .	The actors encouraged the professors .	non-entailment
The president and the actors advised the students .	The president advised the actors .	non-entailment
The tourists and the artist encouraged the bankers .	The artist encouraged the tourists .	non-entailment
The senator and the bankers supported the secretary .	The senator supported the bankers .	non-entailment
The athletes supported the student and the author .	The student supported the author .	non-entailment
The senators and the scientists helped the tourists .	The scientists helped the senators .	non-entailment
The senators encouraged the judge and the professor .	The judge encouraged the professor .	non-entailment
The student called the scientist and the actors .	The actors called the scientist .	non-entailment
The banker supported the doctor and the professor .	The doctor supported the professor .	non-entailment
The actors recognized the student and the artists .	The artists recognized the student .	non-entailment
The artist and the lawyer encouraged the presidents .	The lawyer encouraged the artist .	non-entailment
The authors avoided the professors and the tourist .	The tourist avoided the professors .	non-entailment
The senators and the secretaries supported the athletes .	The secretaries supported the senators .	non-entailment
The scientist recognized the actors and the authors .	The authors recognized the actors .	non-entailment
The professors and the tourists advised the secretaries .	The tourists advised the professors .	non-entailment
The tourist and the athlete called the bankers .	The tourist called the athlete .	non-entailment
The banker thanked the authors and the lawyers .	The authors thanked the lawyers .	non-entailment
The secretary contacted the senators and the judges .	The judges contacted the senators .	non-entailment
The tourists admired the student and the author .	The student admired the author .	non-entailment
The professor mentioned the actor and the scientist .	The actor mentioned the scientist .	non-entailment
The professors supported the student and the authors .	The authors supported the student .	non-entailment
The doctor and the authors thanked the president .	The authors thanked the doctor .	non-entailment
The managers contacted the doctors and the actor .	The actor contacted the doctors .	non-entailment
The lawyer admired the authors and the bankers .	The bankers admired the authors .	non-entailment
The senators believed the president and the banker .	The president believed the banker .	non-entailment
The professors saw the authors and the scientists .	The authors saw the scientists .	non-entailment
The athletes and the managers mentioned the actor .	The athletes mentioned the managers .	non-entailment
The lawyer and the judge recognized the doctor .	The judge recognized the lawyer .	non-entailment
The secretary encouraged the professor and the senators .	The senators encouraged the professor .	non-entailment
The manager and the lawyers admired the doctors .	The manager admired the lawyers .	non-entailment
The professors supported the author and the scientists .	The author supported the scientists .	non-entailment
The manager and the students supported the lawyers .	The manager supported the students .	non-entailment
The author introduced the banker and the athletes .	The athletes introduced the banker .	non-entailment
The professor and the manager encouraged the bankers .	The manager encouraged the professor .	non-entailment
The authors saw the student and the secretaries .	The secretaries saw the student .	non-entailment
The doctor recognized the president and the scientist .	The president recognized the scientist .	non-entailment
The tourists and the presidents encouraged the judge .	The tourists encouraged the presidents .	non-entailment
The student and the lawyer saw the tourist .	The student saw the lawyer .	non-entailment
The secretaries recognized the managers and the actors .	The managers recognized the actors .	non-entailment
The manager encouraged the banker and the president .	The president encouraged the banker .	non-entailment
The judge and the senator recommended the secretaries .	The judge recommended the senator .	non-entailment
The doctors admired the students and the author .	The students admired the author .	non-entailment
The lawyers admired the scientist and the senators .	The scientist admired the senators .	non-entailment
The athlete and the artists thanked the secretary .	The athlete thanked the artists .	non-entailment
The president encouraged the managers and the lawyers .	The lawyers encouraged the managers .	non-entailment
The lawyer and the scientists helped the presidents .	The lawyer helped the scientists .	non-entailment
The doctors avoided the presidents and the artists .	The artists avoided the presidents .	non-entailment
The student introduced the doctors and the author .	The doctors introduced the author .	non-entailment
The scientist and the tourists called the banker .	The tourists called the scientist .	non-entailment
The tourists and the lawyers saw the athlete .	The lawyers saw the tourists .	non-entailment
The scientists and the artist avoided the bankers .	The scientists avoided the artist .	non-entailment
The judge and the secretaries encouraged the actor .	The secretaries encouraged the judge .	non-entailment
The senators helped the doctor and the president .	The president helped the doctor .	non-entailment
The scientist and the managers mentioned the senator .	The managers mentioned the scientist .	non-entailment
The secretaries and the athletes believed the actor .	The secretaries believed the athletes .	non-entailment
The banker saw the scientists and the senators .	The scientists saw the senators .	non-entailment
The actors and the presidents mentioned the professors .	The presidents mentioned the actors .	non-entailment
The lawyer mentioned the scientist and the student .	The scientist mentioned the student .	non-entailment
The professor supported the banker and the artists .	The artists supported the banker .	non-entailment
The athlete saw the professors and the secretaries .	The professors saw the secretaries .	non-entailment
The senator called the athletes and the bankers .	The athletes called the bankers .	non-entailment
The artists and the secretary introduced the professor .	The secretary introduced the artists .	non-entailment
The secretaries and the artist contacted the authors .	The artist contacted the secretaries .	non-entailment
The scientists and the banker advised the athlete .	The banker advised the scientists .	non-entailment
The actor believed the judge and the professors .	The judge believed the professors .	non-entailment
The bankers and the author saw the scientists .	The bankers saw the author .	non-entailment
The judge stopped the athlete and the managers .	The managers stopped the athlete .	non-entailment
The student encouraged the scientists and the lawyer .	The scientists encouraged the lawyer .	non-entailment
The author and the judge stopped the managers .	The author stopped the judge .	non-entailment
The students and the doctor admired the senators .	The doctor admired the students .	non-entailment
The presidents called the manager and the scientists .	The manager called the scientists .	non-entailment
The scientist and the banker encouraged the doctors .	The banker encouraged the scientist .	non-entailment
The scientist called the manager and the professors .	The manager called the professors .	non-entailment
The managers admired the president and the secretaries .	The secretaries admired the president .	non-entailment
The professors helped the artists and the scientist .	The scientist helped the artists .	non-entailment
The doctors thanked the manager and the judge .	The manager thanked the judge .	non-entailment
The senator and the professors stopped the actors .	The professors stopped the senator .	non-entailment
The secretaries and the athlete supported the judges .	The athlete supported the secretaries .	non-entailment
The artist called the senator and the scientist .	The scientist called the senator .	non-entailment
The tourists introduced the scientists and the managers .	The managers introduced the scientists .	non-entailment
The tourists contacted the athletes and the scientists .	The athletes contacted the scientists .	non-entailment
The lawyers and the author recommended the managers .	The author recommended the lawyers .	non-entailment
The artist encouraged the students and the doctors .	The doctors encouraged the students .	non-entailment
The manager and the presidents believed the senator .	The presidents believed the manager .	non-entailment
The artist mentioned the students and the lawyers .	The lawyers mentioned the students .	non-entailment
The authors supported the tourist and the presidents .	The presidents supported the tourist .	non-entailment
The doctor and the authors advised the artist .	The doctor advised the authors .	non-entailment
The judge and the senators mentioned the authors .	The senators mentioned the judge .	non-entailment
The doctors and the scientists avoided the artist .	The doctors avoided the scientists .	non-entailment
The senator and the tourist stopped the judge .	The senator stopped the tourist .	non-entailment
The lawyers recommended the actor and the bankers .	The actor recommended the bankers .	non-entailment
The student and the doctor contacted the managers .	The doctor contacted the student .	non-entailment
The actor advised the banker and the doctors .	The doctors advised the banker .	non-entailment
The banker and the students stopped the secretary .	The banker stopped the students .	non-entailment
The actor advised the judges and the doctors .	The judges advised the doctors .	non-entailment
The lawyers supported the banker and the senators .	The banker supported the senators .	non-entailment
The judges encouraged the professors and the students .	The professors encouraged the students .	non-entailment
The presidents admired the lawyers and the judge .	The judge admired the lawyers .	non-entailment
The banker thanked the secretaries and the actors .	The actors thanked the secretaries .	non-entailment
The tourist advised the artists and the manager .	The artists advised the manager .	non-entailment
The bankers stopped the authors and the professor .	The authors stopped the professor .	non-entailment
The scientist and the actors recognized the athlete .	The scientist recognized the actors .	non-entailment
The managers and the artists contacted the doctors .	The artists contacted the managers .	non-entailment
The student called the lawyer and the secretary .	The lawyer called the secretary .	non-entailment
The scientist and the presidents mentioned the lawyers .	The presidents mentioned the scientist .	non-entailment
The tourist and the president advised the doctors .	The tourist advised the president .	non-entailment
The doctors and the tourist advised the athletes .	The doctors advised the tourist .	non-entailment
The professor avoided the doctors and the president .	The president avoided the doctors .	non-entailment
The doctors and the judge introduced the student .	The judge introduced the doctors .	non-entailment
The secretaries and the scientist admired the presidents .	The scientist admired the secretaries .	non-entailment
The actor called the students and the managers .	The students called the managers .	non-entailment
The student and the athlete recommended the actors .	The student recommended the athlete .	non-entailment
The professors and the lawyer believed the secretaries .	The lawyer believed the professors .	non-entailment
The tourist admired the judges and the presidents .	The judges admired the presidents .	non-entailment
The presidents and the student admired the athlete .	The presidents admired the student .	non-entailment
The presidents and the judges believed the authors .	The judges believed the presidents .	non-entailment
The secretaries and the banker avoided the senator .	The banker avoided the secretaries .	non-entailment
The senator mentioned the actor and the bankers .	The actor mentioned the bankers .	non-entailment
The professor avoided the actors and the tourists .	The actors avoided the tourists .	non-entailment
The artists avoided the professors and the authors .	The authors avoided the professors .	non-entailment
The professor believed the tourist and the doctor .	The tourist believed the doctor .	non-entailment
The secretaries mentioned the authors and the lawyer .	The authors mentioned the lawyer .	non-entailment
The scientists and the presidents encouraged the lawyer .	The presidents encouraged the scientists .	non-entailment
The author helped the lawyer and the athlete .	The lawyer helped the athlete .	non-entailment
The athlete saw the doctor and the bankers .	The doctor saw the bankers .	non-entailment
The athletes introduced the lawyer and the judges .	The lawyer introduced the judges .	non-entailment
The doctor and the athletes stopped the senators .	The doctor stopped the athletes .	non-entailment
The managers encouraged the artists and the athletes .	The athletes encouraged the artists .	non-entailment
The professors encouraged the banker and the judge .	The banker encouraged the judge .	non-entailment
The lawyer and the judges believed the banker .	The judges believed the lawyer .	non-entailment
The lawyers and the doctors called the banker .	The lawyers called the doctors .	non-entailment
The student supported the lawyer and the professor .	The lawyer supported the professor .	non-entailment
The artist and the senators contacted the lawyers .	The senators contacted the artist .	non-entailment
The president and the doctor encouraged the artists .	The doctor encouraged the president .	non-entailment
The senators contacted the artists and the president .	The president contacted the artists .	non-entailment
The student helped the author and the senator .	The senator helped the author .	non-entailment
The professor and the judge advised the senators .	The professor advised the judge .	non-entailment
The actors saw the lawyer and the scientist .	The lawyer saw the scientist .	non-entailment
The scientist and the lawyer mentioned the tourist .	The scientist mentioned the lawyer .	non-entailment
The president mentioned the judge and the athletes .	The athletes mentioned the judge .	non-entailment
The senator and the manager saw the actors .	The senator saw the manager .	non-entailment
The professor admired the senators and the manager .	The manager admired the senators .	non-entailment
The students mentioned the artist and the professors .	The professors mentioned the artist .	non-entailment
The athlete and the professors believed the secretaries .	The athlete believed the professors .	non-entailment
The bankers mentioned the actor and the manager .	The manager mentioned the actor .	non-entailment
The lawyers and the actors avoided the secretary .	The lawyers avoided the actors .	non-entailment
The scientists contacted the president and the professor .	The president contacted the professor .	non-entailment
The judge saw the senators and the tourists .	The senators saw the tourists .	non-entailment
The doctor and the senator introduced the presidents .	The doctor introduced the senator .	non-entailment
The athletes stopped the student and the judges .	The student stopped the judges .	non-entailment
The bankers and the senator believed the actors .	The bankers believed the senator .	non-entailment
The lawyer recommended the professors and the scientist .	The scientist recommended the professors .	non-entailment
The presidents helped the senator and the professor .	The professor helped the senator .	non-entailment
The artist mentioned the managers and the authors .	The authors mentioned the managers .	non-entailment
The actors recognized the author and the professors .	The professors recognized the author .	non-entailment
The banker believed the president and the athletes .	The athletes believed the president .	non-entailment
The actors and the authors introduced the presidents .	The authors introduced the actors .	non-entailment
The judge mentioned the lawyer and the president .	The lawyer mentioned the president .	non-entailment
The student mentioned the lawyers and the banker .	The lawyers mentioned the banker .	non-entailment
The scientist and the tourists supported the senator .	The tourists supported the scientist .	non-entailment
The president and the author called the managers .	The president called the author .	non-entailment
The secretary and the banker believed the judges .	The secretary believed the banker .	non-entailment
The athletes contacted the senators and the lawyer .	The senators contacted the lawyer .	non-entailment
The students and the doctor believed the senators .	The students believed the doctor .	non-entailment
The lawyers and the bankers helped the students .	The lawyers helped the bankers .	non-entailment
The lawyer and the tourists supported the scientists .	The lawyer supported the tourists .	non-entailment
The senator and the judge recognized the artist .	The judge recognized the senator .	non-entailment
The secretary believed the senator and the doctor .	The senator believed the doctor .	non-entailment
The tourists and the professors supported the actor .	The tourists supported the professors .	non-entailment
The professor and the judge thanked the actor .	The judge thanked the professor .	non-entailment
The manager and the student saw the lawyer .	The manager saw the student .	non-entailment
The artist and the professor encouraged the senators .	The professor encouraged the artist .	non-entailment
The senators and the authors avoided the professor .	The authors avoided the senators .	non-entailment
The tourists and the scientist mentioned the athletes .	The scientist mentioned the tourists .	non-entailment
The student stopped the professor and the president .	The professor stopped the president .	non-entailment
The manager and the judges recognized the athletes .	The judges recognized the manager .	non-entailment
The bankers and the students stopped the secretary .	The bankers stopped the students .	non-entailment
The lawyers avoided the manager and the secretaries .	The manager avoided the secretaries .	non-entailment
The banker avoided the managers and the scientists .	The managers avoided the scientists .	non-entailment
The secretary and the judges stopped the president .	The secretary stopped the judges .	non-entailment
The judge and the senators thanked the actor .	The senators thanked the judge .	non-entailment
The manager and the actors encouraged the presidents .	The actors encouraged the manager .	non-entailment
The artist introduced the actor and the doctor .	The doctor introduced the actor .	non-entailment
The lawyer and the authors helped the professor .	The lawyer helped the authors .	non-entailment
The presidents helped the actor and the scientists .	The actor helped the scientists .	non-entailment
The professors and the author thanked the managers .	The author thanked the professors .	non-entailment
The senators and the athlete stopped the professors .	The athlete stopped the senators .	non-entailment
The artists and the tourists recognized the judge .	The artists recognized the tourists .	non-entailment
The student encouraged the doctors and the tourist .	The doctors encouraged the tourist .	non-entailment
The students believed the lawyer and the authors .	The lawyer believed the authors .	non-entailment
The secretary and the authors recognized the scientist .	The secretary recognized the authors .	non-entailment
The scientists and the judges admired the artist .	The judges admired the scientists .	non-entailment
The author called the managers and the president .	The managers called the president .	non-entailment
The professors believed the manager and the scientists .	The manager believed the scientists .	non-entailment
The secretary believed the professor and the manager .	The manager believed the professor .	non-entailment
The judge and the senators stopped the artists .	The judge stopped the senators .	non-entailment
The authors and the artist contacted the doctor .	The artist contacted the authors .	non-entailment
The scientists and the actor admired the professors .	The scientists admired the actor .	non-entailment
The bankers and the author saw the tourist .	The bankers saw the author .	non-entailment
The banker admired the doctors and the actor .	The actor admired the doctors .	non-entailment
The professor and the tourists avoided the judges .	The tourists avoided the professor .	non-entailment
The senators admired the professors and the artists .	The professors admired the artists .	non-entailment
The author and the doctor admired the lawyers .	The doctor admired the author .	non-entailment
The lawyer mentioned the managers and the athletes .	The athletes mentioned the managers .	non-entailment
The senator and the secretaries admired the manager .	The senator admired the secretaries .	non-entailment
The secretaries encouraged the managers and the tourist .	The managers encouraged the tourist .	non-entailment
The authors recognized the secretaries and the doctor .	The doctor recognized the secretaries .	non-entailment
The banker and the lawyer introduced the authors .	The lawyer introduced the banker .	non-entailment
The senators encouraged the scientist and the managers .	The managers encouraged the scientist .	non-entailment
The doctors avoided the athlete and the scientist .	The athlete avoided the scientist .	non-entailment
The judge admired the tourists and the artist .	The tourists admired the artist .	non-entailment
The tourist and the author avoided the artist .	The tourist avoided the author .	non-entailment
The judges and the tourists encouraged the managers .	The judges encouraged the tourists .	non-entailment
The tourists and the presidents admired the lawyers .	The presidents admired the tourists .	non-entailment
The manager stopped the student and the actor .	The student stopped the actor .	non-entailment
The senators encouraged the president and the lawyers .	The president encouraged the lawyers .	non-entailment
The student and the author thanked the president .	The author thanked the student .	non-entailment
The lawyers believed the president and the students .	The president believed the students .	non-entailment
The author and the professors admired the scientist .	The author admired the professors .	non-entailment
The actors admired the student and the lawyers .	The student admired the lawyers .	non-entailment
The lawyers contacted the manager and the student .	The student contacted the manager .	non-entailment
The actor and the professors encouraged the senators .	The professors encouraged the actor .	non-entailment
The managers recommended the lawyer and the actors .	The actors recommended the lawyer .	non-entailment
The students recognized the athletes and the judge .	The athletes recognized the judge .	non-entailment
The tourists called the president and the students .	The president called the students .	non-entailment
The student and the senators helped the secretary .	The senators helped the student .	non-entailment
The professor and the judges recommended the doctor .	The judges recommended the professor .	non-entailment
The actor and the tourist introduced the artists .	The actor introduced the tourist .	non-entailment
The tourists recommended the professor and the athletes .	The professor recommended the athletes .	non-entailment
The athlete and the senator introduced the doctor .	The senator introduced the athlete .	non-entailment
The doctors and the managers helped the judge .	The doctors helped the managers .	non-entailment
The actor encouraged the author and the artists .	The author encouraged the artists .	non-entailment
The professors and the authors avoided the secretary .	The professors avoided the authors .	non-entailment
The actor called the lawyers and the athlete .	The athlete called the lawyers .	non-entailment
The authors encouraged the tourist and the senator .	The tourist encouraged the senator .	non-entailment
The students and the professor called the artist .	The professor called the students .	non-entailment
The managers introduced the student and the professor .	The student introduced the professor .	non-entailment
The tourist and the scientist called the presidents .	The scientist called the tourist .	non-entailment
The manager saw the students and the authors .	The authors saw the students .	non-entailment
The artist stopped the doctor and the actor .	The doctor stopped the actor .	non-entailment
The secretary and the actors supported the student .	The secretary supported the actors .	non-entailment
The tourists mentioned the lawyers and the secretaries .	The lawyers mentioned the secretaries .	non-entailment
The manager and the presidents helped the actors .	The manager helped the presidents .	non-entailment
The artists and the athlete believed the lawyers .	The athlete believed the artists .	non-entailment
The scientists recommended the senator and the presidents .	The presidents recommended the senator .	non-entailment
The professor and the athlete supported the author .	The athlete supported the professor .	non-entailment
The student encouraged the presidents and the lawyers .	The presidents encouraged the lawyers .	non-entailment
The athletes advised the tourists and the artists .	The artists advised the tourists .	non-entailment
The tourists believed the student and the managers .	The student believed the managers .	non-entailment
The secretary and the athletes believed the doctors .	The secretary believed the athletes .	non-entailment
The judges and the scientist avoided the athletes .	The scientist avoided the judges .	non-entailment
The author and the judges introduced the lawyer .	The author introduced the judges .	non-entailment
The athlete believed the artist and the tourists .	The artist believed the tourists .	non-entailment
The actor thanked the artist and the doctors .	The doctors thanked the artist .	non-entailment
The athletes thanked the lawyers and the student .	The student thanked the lawyers .	non-entailment
The senator supported the scientists and the athlete .	The scientists supported the athlete .	non-entailment
The judge and the senator thanked the artist .	The senator thanked the judge .	non-entailment
The president and the managers stopped the artist .	The managers stopped the president .	non-entailment
The professors recognized the scientists and the bankers .	The scientists recognized the bankers .	non-entailment
The actor and the managers believed the authors .	The managers believed the actor .	non-entailment
The artist called the lawyer and the banker .	The lawyer called the banker .	non-entailment
The senators mentioned the athlete and the tourists .	The athlete mentioned the tourists .	non-entailment
The senators saw the artist and the secretaries .	The secretaries saw the artist .	non-entailment
The manager introduced the president and the secretary .	The secretary introduced the president .	non-entailment
The bankers and the doctors helped the authors .	The doctors helped the bankers .	non-entailment
The actors mentioned the judges and the athlete .	The athlete mentioned the judges .	non-entailment
The lawyers and the doctor supported the authors .	The doctor supported the lawyers .	non-entailment
The scientist and the students recommended the professor .	The scientist recommended the students .	non-entailment
The tourists admired the judge and the authors .	The authors admired the judge .	non-entailment
The doctor and the secretaries supported the artists .	The doctor supported the secretaries .	non-entailment
The tourists thanked the lawyers and the president .	The president thanked the lawyers .	non-entailment
The authors and the banker helped the scientist .	The authors helped the banker .	non-entailment
The doctor saw the manager and the actors .	The manager saw the actors .	non-entailment
The athlete and the senator encouraged the presidents .	The senator encouraged the athlete .	non-entailment
The doctor and the professors advised the managers .	The doctor advised the professors .	non-entailment
The doctor and the secretaries recommended the authors .	The doctor recommended the secretaries .	non-entailment
The scientist encouraged the banker and the artist .	The artist encouraged the banker .	non-entailment
The tourists called the presidents and the students .	The presidents called the students .	non-entailment
The lawyers and the actors encouraged the senators .	The lawyers encouraged the actors .	non-entailment
The artists and the doctors admired the banker .	The doctors admired the artists .	non-entailment
The judges helped the artist and the doctors .	The artist helped the doctors .	non-entailment
The judges and the athletes thanked the presidents .	The athletes thanked the judges .	non-entailment
The artists believed the tourists and the manager .	The manager believed the tourists .	non-entailment
The managers contacted the scientists and the banker .	The banker contacted the scientists .	non-entailment
The senators introduced the scientist and the tourist .	The scientist introduced the tourist .	non-entailment
The secretaries and the tourist helped the artists .	The tourist helped the secretaries .	non-entailment
The banker and the doctors thanked the senator .	The banker thanked the doctors .	non-entailment
The managers supported the student and the tourist .	The tourist supported the student .	non-entailment
The president believed the lawyers and the athletes .	The athletes believed the lawyers .	non-entailment
The lawyer supported the tourist and the actor .	The tourist supported the actor .	non-entailment
The professors and the lawyers saw the banker .	The professors saw the lawyers .	non-entailment
The judges recognized the actors and the secretary .	The secretary recognized the actors .	non-entailment
The manager and the lawyer avoided the authors .	The lawyer avoided the manager .	non-entailment
The lawyer supported the judge and the professor .	The judge supported the professor .	non-entailment
The authors and the scientists advised the judge .	The scientists advised the authors .	non-entailment
The bankers and the athlete believed the actor .	The athlete believed the bankers .	non-entailment
The lawyers admired the artist and the authors .	The artist admired the authors .	non-entailment
The athletes believed the bankers and the scientist .	The scientist believed the bankers .	non-entailment
The scientist admired the doctor and the artist .	The artist admired the doctor .	non-entailment
The artist admired the lawyer and the senators .	The senators admired the lawyer .	non-entailment
The student and the actor encouraged the authors .	The actor encouraged the student .	non-entailment
The student thanked the managers and the actor .	The managers thanked the actor .	non-entailment
The senators and the scientist avoided the tourist .	The scientist avoided the senators .	non-entailment
The lawyer stopped the actors and the bankers .	The bankers stopped the actors .	non-entailment
The senator and the students mentioned the managers .	The senator mentioned the students .	non-entailment
The doctor admired the lawyer and the athlete .	The athlete admired the lawyer .	non-entailment
The scientists supported the judges and the manager .	The judges supported the manager .	non-entailment
The scientist mentioned the lawyer and the secretaries .	The lawyer mentioned the secretaries .	non-entailment
The secretaries thanked the authors and the president .	The authors thanked the president .	non-entailment
The student and the secretaries introduced the doctors .	The student introduced the secretaries .	non-entailment
The athlete helped the actors and the judges .	The actors helped the judges .	non-entailment
The secretary encouraged the scientists and the manager .	The manager encouraged the scientists .	non-entailment
The banker and the president believed the tourists .	The president believed the banker .	non-entailment
The judge believed the professor and the president .	The professor believed the president .	non-entailment
The lawyers and the senators contacted the managers .	The lawyers contacted the senators .	non-entailment
The presidents and the tourists encouraged the banker .	The tourists encouraged the presidents .	non-entailment
The doctors and the professors introduced the banker .	The doctors introduced the professors .	non-entailment
The doctor encouraged the students and the secretaries .	The secretaries encouraged the students .	non-entailment
The student and the doctor helped the judge .	The doctor helped the student .	non-entailment
The student and the scientist helped the judges .	The student helped the scientist .	non-entailment
The artist and the doctors avoided the tourist .	The artist avoided the doctors .	non-entailment
The tourist avoided the author and the manager .	The manager avoided the author .	non-entailment
The artists saw the presidents and the students .	The presidents saw the students .	non-entailment
The secretary and the athletes believed the managers .	The athletes believed the secretary .	non-entailment
The scientists thanked the artists and the actors .	The actors thanked the artists .	non-entailment
The lawyers stopped the author and the senators .	The author stopped the senators .	non-entailment
The managers and the secretary recognized the bankers .	The managers recognized the secretary .	non-entailment
The student mentioned the tourist and the lawyer .	The tourist mentioned the lawyer .	non-entailment
The doctors and the judges recognized the author .	The doctors recognized the judges .	non-entailment
The athletes and the senator advised the artists .	The senator advised the athletes .	non-entailment
The doctors recognized the secretaries and the senator .	The secretaries recognized the senator .	non-entailment
The judges and the scientist avoided the lawyers .	The judges avoided the scientist .	non-entailment
The lawyers advised the scientist and the author .	The author advised the scientist .	non-entailment
The president and the tourist admired the banker .	The tourist admired the president .	non-entailment
The doctors avoided the actor and the lawyer .	The actor avoided the lawyer .	non-entailment
The student and the tourist admired the professors .	The student admired the tourist .	non-entailment
The students recommended the lawyer and the artist .	The artist recommended the lawyer .	non-entailment
The doctors helped the lawyers and the actors .	The actors helped the lawyers .	non-entailment
The actor and the lawyer introduced the presidents .	The actor introduced the lawyer .	non-entailment
The tourist recommended the actors and the doctors .	The actors recommended the doctors .	non-entailment
The athlete and the artist supported the managers .	The athlete supported the artist .	non-entailment
The students recognized the authors and the judge .	The authors recognized the judge .	non-entailment
The actors and the secretary saw the artists .	The secretary saw the actors .	non-entailment
The student recommended the tourist and the authors .	The authors recommended the tourist .	non-entailment
The tourist and the doctor supported the manager .	The doctor supported the tourist .	non-entailment
The athlete and the doctor admired the actors .	The athlete admired the doctor .	non-entailment
The managers and the students saw the senators .	The managers saw the students .	non-entailment
The presidents contacted the secretary and the actor .	The actor contacted the secretary .	non-entailment
The tourists recommended the doctors and the professor .	The doctors recommended the professor .	non-entailment
The artist and the scientist thanked the author .	The scientist thanked the artist .	non-entailment
The athlete recommended the managers and the authors .	The authors recommended the managers .	non-entailment
The secretary stopped the presidents and the authors .	The presidents stopped the authors .	non-entailment
The doctors and the athletes mentioned the professor .	The athletes mentioned the doctors .	non-entailment
The secretaries mentioned the doctors and the managers .	The doctors mentioned the managers .	non-entailment
The scientists and the banker helped the secretary .	The scientists helped the banker .	non-entailment
The authors stopped the managers and the lawyer .	The managers stopped the lawyer .	non-entailment
The lawyer and the doctor introduced the manager .	The lawyer introduced the doctor .	non-entailment
The senators called the tourists and the scientist .	The scientist called the tourists .	non-entailment
The tourist and the president thanked the secretary .	The tourist thanked the president .	non-entailment
The presidents and the artist stopped the senators .	The presidents stopped the artist .	non-entailment
The managers and the lawyers saw the secretaries .	The lawyers saw the managers .	non-entailment
The judges and the scientist advised the doctors .	The judges advised the scientist .	non-entailment
The professors admired the manager and the judges .	The judges admired the manager .	non-entailment
The artist and the scientist believed the senators .	The artist believed the scientist .	non-entailment
The senators and the manager mentioned the secretary .	The manager mentioned the senators .	non-entailment
The scientists recommended the secretary and the banker .	The secretary recommended the banker .	non-entailment
The lawyer and the professors supported the tourists .	The lawyer supported the professors .	non-entailment
The tourists mentioned the president and the secretaries .	The president mentioned the secretaries .	non-entailment
The artist and the lawyers stopped the authors .	The lawyers stopped the artist .	non-entailment
The athletes recognized the secretary and the tourist .	The tourist recognized the secretary .	non-entailment
The lawyers and the managers helped the student .	The lawyers helped the managers .	non-entailment
The professors and the doctor saw the managers .	The professors saw the doctor .	non-entailment
The judge contacted the student and the lawyer .	The lawyer contacted the student .	non-entailment
The author and the athletes believed the judge .	The athletes believed the author .	non-entailment
The judges and the banker introduced the manager .	The banker introduced the judges .	non-entailment
The artists and the judge contacted the scientist .	The artists contacted the judge .	non-entailment
The lawyers and the secretary thanked the actors .	The lawyers thanked the secretary .	non-entailment
The doctors encouraged the senator and the tourist .	The senator encouraged the tourist .	non-entailment
The actor and the student helped the artists .	The student helped the actor .	non-entailment
The artist and the presidents supported the senators .	The artist supported the presidents .	non-entailment
The lawyers and the presidents admired the actor .	The presidents admired the lawyers .	non-entailment
The actors mentioned the scientist and the manager .	The scientist mentioned the manager .	non-entailment
The authors and the artists supported the student .	The authors supported the artists .	non-entailment
The tourist and the student avoided the judges .	The tourist avoided the student .	non-entailment
The author and the senators mentioned the banker .	The senators mentioned the author .	non-entailment
The professor stopped the senators and the tourist .	The tourist stopped the senators .	non-entailment
The tourist saw the professor and the author .	The professor saw the author .	non-entailment
The presidents admired the lawyers and the tourist .	The lawyers admired the tourist .	non-entailment
The artists contacted the student and the scientist .	The student contacted the scientist .	non-entailment
The lawyer called the presidents and the authors .	The presidents called the authors .	non-entailment
The judge believed the president and the authors .	The authors believed the president .	non-entailment
The authors and the secretary called the judge .	The secretary called the authors .	non-entailment
The authors supported the secretaries and the presidents .	The secretaries supported the presidents .	non-entailment
The professors recognized the senators and the manager .	The senators recognized the manager .	non-entailment
The doctors avoided the senator and the actors .	The actors avoided the senator .	non-entailment
The secretary and the doctors mentioned the author .	The doctors mentioned the secretary .	non-entailment
The lawyer and the doctor recommended the actor .	The lawyer recommended the doctor .	non-entailment
The judges called the professors and the presidents .	The professors called the presidents .	non-entailment
The artists introduced the scientists and the tourists .	The tourists introduced the scientists .	non-entailment
The tourist and the senators contacted the lawyer .	The senators contacted the tourist .	non-entailment
The manager and the secretary supported the doctors .	The secretary supported the manager .	non-entailment
The students and the tourist believed the actor .	The students believed the tourist .	non-entailment
The doctors avoided the lawyer and the artists .	The artists avoided the lawyer .	non-entailment
The scientist and the judges called the tourist .	The judges called the scientist .	non-entailment
The doctor and the professors advised the students .	The professors advised the doctor .	non-entailment
The professors and the artist encouraged the lawyer .	The professors encouraged the artist .	non-entailment
The scientists and the doctor recommended the professors .	The doctor recommended the scientists .	non-entailment
The senator and the doctor stopped the secretary .	The doctor stopped the senator .	non-entailment
The banker and the professors recommended the doctor .	The professors recommended the banker .	non-entailment
The lawyers avoided the doctors and the president .	The doctors avoided the president .	non-entailment
The managers avoided the senators and the president .	The president avoided the senators .	non-entailment
The actors believed the judges and the secretary .	The judges believed the secretary .	non-entailment
The authors helped the judge and the president .	The judge helped the president .	non-entailment
The doctor encouraged the student and the artists .	The artists encouraged the student .	non-entailment
The artist believed the secretary and the lawyers .	The secretary believed the lawyers .	non-entailment
The author and the judge saw the lawyers .	The judge saw the author .	non-entailment
The doctor avoided the judge and the senators .	The senators avoided the judge .	non-entailment
The banker and the student encouraged the artists .	The banker encouraged the student .	non-entailment
The presidents and the managers recognized the artists .	The presidents recognized the managers .	non-entailment
The scientist encouraged the athlete and the judge .	The athlete encouraged the judge .	non-entailment
The doctors and the tourist supported the scientists .	The doctors supported the tourist .	non-entailment
The author admired the student and the senator .	The senator admired the student .	non-entailment
The tourists and the judge recognized the lawyer .	The tourists recognized the judge .	non-entailment
The scientists and the presidents helped the senator .	The scientists helped the presidents .	non-entailment
The professors and the bankers contacted the president .	The bankers contacted the professors .	non-entailment
The doctors believed the students and the secretary .	The students believed the secretary .	non-entailment
The doctor and the manager admired the president .	The doctor admired the manager .	non-entailment
The presidents and the actor thanked the doctors .	The actor thanked the presidents .	non-entailment
The authors and the doctor recognized the managers .	The authors recognized the doctor .	non-entailment
The professors and the tourists supported the athlete .	The tourists supported the professors .	non-entailment
The president recommended the managers and the judge .	The managers recommended the judge .	non-entailment
The doctors and the actors supported the student .	The actors supported the doctors .	non-entailment
The manager and the tourists contacted the author .	The tourists contacted the manager .	non-entailment
The lawyer and the judge contacted the tourists .	The judge contacted the lawyer .	non-entailment
The athlete supported the secretary and the authors .	The authors supported the secretary .	non-entailment
The secretaries mentioned the scientist and the bankers .	The scientist mentioned the bankers .	non-entailment
The banker contacted the actors and the doctor .	The doctor contacted the actors .	non-entailment
The lawyer and the judge supported the students .	The judge supported the lawyer .	non-entailment
The athletes and the tourists believed the doctor .	The tourists believed the athletes .	non-entailment
The tourist recognized the judge and the authors .	The authors recognized the judge .	non-entailment
The manager advised the authors and the secretary .	The authors advised the secretary .	non-entailment
The president and the authors stopped the judge .	The president stopped the authors .	non-entailment
The banker and the actors recommended the presidents .	The actors recommended the banker .	non-entailment
The secretaries and the author contacted the professors .	The author contacted the secretaries .	non-entailment
The banker thanked the secretaries and the judges .	The secretaries thanked the judges .	non-entailment
The bankers and the presidents admired the lawyers .	The bankers admired the presidents .	non-entailment
The author mentioned the lawyers and the judges .	The lawyers mentioned the judges .	non-entailment
The actor recommended the professor and the president .	The president recommended the professor .	non-entailment
The tourist contacted the lawyer and the actors .	The actors contacted the lawyer .	non-entailment
The secretary and the president saw the students .	The secretary saw the president .	non-entailment
The president saw the judges and the manager .	The manager saw the judges .	non-entailment
The senators and the banker encouraged the doctor .	The senators encouraged the banker .	non-entailment
The actors called the presidents and the professor .	The presidents called the professor .	non-entailment
The senators and the athletes mentioned the lawyer .	The athletes mentioned the senators .	non-entailment
The banker supported the senators and the manager .	The manager supported the senators .	non-entailment
The lawyer thanked the tourist and the artist .	The tourist thanked the artist .	non-entailment
The senator believed the authors and the scientist .	The authors believed the scientist .	non-entailment
The lawyer and the secretaries saw the judge .	The lawyer saw the secretaries .	non-entailment
The authors and the athlete mentioned the president .	The athlete mentioned the authors .	non-entailment
The scientists and the student introduced the professor .	The scientists introduced the student .	non-entailment
The professor and the athletes called the judge .	The athletes called the professor .	non-entailment
The actor called the judges and the scientist .	The judges called the scientist .	non-entailment
The scientists recognized the banker and the athlete .	The banker recognized the athlete .	non-entailment
The athletes introduced the senator and the author .	The author introduced the senator .	non-entailment
The actors and the lawyers helped the judges .	The actors helped the lawyers .	non-entailment
The doctors and the actor helped the tourists .	The actor helped the doctors .	non-entailment
The banker avoided the doctor and the artist .	The doctor avoided the artist .	non-entailment
The athlete and the doctor helped the artists .	The athlete helped the doctor .	non-entailment
The lawyer and the author introduced the bankers .	The lawyer introduced the author .	non-entailment
The banker introduced the tourist and the actor .	The tourist introduced the actor .	non-entailment
The student encouraged the doctor and the tourists .	The doctor encouraged the tourists .	non-entailment
The banker and the scientist supported the professor .	The banker supported the scientist .	non-entailment
The secretary and the author helped the doctors .	The author helped the secretary .	non-entailment
The scientist and the lawyers called the actor .	The lawyers called the scientist .	non-entailment
The secretary thanked the authors and the artist .	The authors thanked the artist .	non-entailment
The professors and the doctor believed the author .	The doctor believed the professors .	non-entailment
The lawyers and the doctors stopped the professor .	The doctors stopped the lawyers .	non-entailment
The presidents and the judge mentioned the scientists .	The judge mentioned the presidents .	non-entailment
The senators contacted the secretary and the authors .	The secretary contacted the authors .	non-entailment
The senator and the artists avoided the students .	The artists avoided the senator .	non-entailment
The senator supported the judges and the actors .	The judges supported the actors .	non-entailment
The lawyers and the banker advised the authors .	The banker advised the lawyers .	non-entailment
The senators helped the judges and the students .	The students helped the judges .	non-entailment
The professor saw the secretary and the lawyer .	The lawyer saw the secretary .	non-entailment
The scientist and the lawyers stopped the president .	The lawyers stopped the scientist .	non-entailment
The artist encouraged the athletes and the senators .	The senators encouraged the athletes .	non-entailment
The students saw the scientists and the lawyers .	The lawyers saw the scientists .	non-entailment
The actors believed the student and the manager .	The student believed the manager .	non-entailment
The senator and the artists recommended the authors .	The artists recommended the senator .	non-entailment
The authors supported the manager and the professors .	The manager supported the professors .	non-entailment
The athlete believed the student and the professors .	The student believed the professors .	non-entailment
The senators encouraged the students and the lawyers .	The lawyers encouraged the students .	non-entailment
The lawyer introduced the tourist and the actor .	The actor introduced the tourist .	non-entailment
The authors and the doctors encouraged the student .	The doctors encouraged the authors .	non-entailment
The tourists and the professors supported the lawyers .	The professors supported the tourists .	non-entailment
The banker and the professor thanked the students .	The professor thanked the banker .	non-entailment
The secretary helped the artists and the doctor .	The artists helped the doctor .	non-entailment
The lawyers and the professors recognized the athletes .	The lawyers recognized the professors .	non-entailment
The actors and the author admired the secretary .	The actors admired the author .	non-entailment
The author and the professor stopped the bankers .	The professor stopped the author .	non-entailment
The tourist advised the author and the artist .	The author advised the artist .	non-entailment
The artist and the athletes saw the bankers .	The artist saw the athletes .	non-entailment
The manager and the artists advised the actor .	The manager advised the artists .	non-entailment
The actor believed the bankers and the tourist .	The tourist believed the bankers .	non-entailment
The banker thanked the actor and the senators .	The actor thanked the senators .	non-entailment
The senator saw the athletes and the bankers .	The athletes saw the bankers .	non-entailment
The president and the professor helped the scientists .	The professor helped the president .	non-entailment
The student and the bankers helped the author .	The student helped the bankers .	non-entailment
The authors thanked the artist and the professors .	The artist thanked the professors .	non-entailment
The students recommended the bankers and the athlete .	The bankers recommended the athlete .	non-entailment
The presidents and the lawyer mentioned the secretaries .	The lawyer mentioned the presidents .	non-entailment
The judges contacted the students and the professor .	The professor contacted the students .	non-entailment
The banker and the senators believed the doctors .	The senators believed the banker .	non-entailment
The senator and the actors recommended the tourists .	The senator recommended the actors .	non-entailment
The tourists admired the athletes and the senators .	The senators admired the athletes .	non-entailment
The actors saw the authors and the athlete .	The athlete saw the authors .	non-entailment
The authors contacted the actors and the doctors .	The doctors contacted the actors .	non-entailment
The bankers and the tourists encouraged the artists .	The bankers encouraged the tourists .	non-entailment
The athletes and the actor recognized the scientists .	The actor recognized the athletes .	non-entailment
The judge and the doctor avoided the presidents .	The judge avoided the doctor .	non-entailment
The professors and the student saw the artists .	The professors saw the student .	non-entailment
The scientists introduced the authors and the doctors .	The doctors introduced the authors .	non-entailment
The students and the actor called the doctor .	The students called the actor .	non-entailment
The managers and the authors supported the tourist .	The authors supported the managers .	non-entailment
The professor advised the actor and the scientist .	The scientist advised the actor .	non-entailment
The student recommended the judge and the doctor .	The doctor recommended the judge .	non-entailment
The managers helped the senator and the lawyers .	The senator helped the lawyers .	non-entailment
The managers helped the artist and the professor .	The artist helped the professor .	non-entailment
The judge and the managers stopped the tourists .	The judge stopped the managers .	non-entailment
The doctors and the senator stopped the presidents .	The senator stopped the doctors .	non-entailment
The tourist and the scientist saw the secretary .	The scientist saw the tourist .	non-entailment
The senators thanked the doctor and the tourists .	The doctor thanked the tourists .	non-entailment
The actors recommended the scientists and the judge .	The judge recommended the scientists .	non-entailment
The doctor and the scientists helped the author .	The doctor helped the scientists .	non-entailment
The president and the managers encouraged the tourists .	The president encouraged the managers .	non-entailment
The professors recommended the manager and the artists .	The artists recommended the manager .	non-entailment
The secretary and the tourists supported the president .	The secretary supported the tourists .	non-entailment
The actors stopped the presidents and the author .	The presidents stopped the author .	non-entailment
The bankers and the artists advised the doctors .	The bankers advised the artists .	non-entailment
The doctor and the students advised the president .	The students advised the doctor .	non-entailment
The judges called the professors and the senators .	The professors called the senators .	non-entailment
The authors stopped the tourists and the students .	The students stopped the tourists .	non-entailment
The banker called the presidents and the manager .	The presidents called the manager .	non-entailment
The senator encouraged the tourist and the actors .	The actors encouraged the tourist .	non-entailment
The lawyers and the athlete helped the students .	The athlete helped the lawyers .	non-entailment
The students helped the secretaries and the tourists .	The tourists helped the secretaries .	non-entailment
The judges recognized the actor and the presidents .	The actor recognized the presidents .	non-entailment
The senators and the artists believed the lawyer .	The senators believed the artists .	non-entailment
The banker advised the lawyer and the actor .	The lawyer advised the actor .	non-entailment
The actors and the secretary helped the athletes .	The secretary helped the actors .	non-entailment
The president saw the lawyer and the student .	The lawyer saw the student .	non-entailment
The manager saw the judge and the athlete .	The athlete saw the judge .	non-entailment
The presidents and the actor mentioned the author .	The actor mentioned the presidents .	non-entailment
The student supported the professors and the secretaries .	The secretaries supported the professors .	non-entailment
The scientist stopped the artist and the senator .	The artist stopped the senator .	non-entailment
The managers mentioned the actors and the secretary .	The actors mentioned the secretary .	non-entailment
The author and the artists saw the secretary .	The author saw the artists .	non-entailment
The artists and the professors stopped the judges .	The artists stopped the professors .	non-entailment
The senators avoided the authors and the doctors .	The authors avoided the doctors .	non-entailment
The athlete recommended the secretaries and the artist .	The artist recommended the secretaries .	non-entailment
The bankers and the manager mentioned the doctor .	The manager mentioned the bankers .	non-entailment
The actor encouraged the students and the banker .	The banker encouraged the students .	non-entailment
The tourists thanked the athlete and the authors .	The athlete thanked the authors .	non-entailment
The secretaries and the lawyer thanked the doctors .	The secretaries thanked the lawyer .	non-entailment
The lawyer stopped the artist and the tourist .	The tourist stopped the artist .	non-entailment
The senators and the author recognized the artists .	The senators recognized the author .	non-entailment
The presidents thanked the author and the senators .	The author thanked the senators .	non-entailment
The athletes and the authors contacted the judge .	The athletes contacted the authors .	non-entailment
The lawyers contacted the students and the tourist .	The tourist contacted the students .	non-entailment
The banker and the judge mentioned the secretaries .	The judge mentioned the banker .	non-entailment
The presidents and the lawyers helped the manager .	The lawyers helped the presidents .	non-entailment
The actor stopped the tourist and the student .	The tourist stopped the student .	non-entailment
The authors and the lawyer believed the banker .	The authors believed the lawyer .	non-entailment
The judges supported the manager and the lawyers .	The lawyers supported the manager .	non-entailment
The lawyers contacted the scientist and the doctors .	The scientist contacted the doctors .	non-entailment
The manager believed the tourists and the senators .	The tourists believed the senators .	non-entailment
The tourist and the banker admired the secretaries .	The banker admired the tourist .	non-entailment
The banker called the president and the scientist .	The scientist called the president .	non-entailment
The artists and the tourist mentioned the professors .	The tourist mentioned the artists .	non-entailment
The professors and the bankers thanked the judge .	The bankers thanked the professors .	non-entailment
The actors advised the professor and the lawyer .	The lawyer advised the professor .	non-entailment
The professors advised the students and the tourists .	The students advised the tourists .	non-entailment
The banker and the actor introduced the author .	The actor introduced the banker .	non-entailment
The senator thanked the student and the presidents .	The student thanked the presidents .	non-entailment
The lawyer believed the presidents and the authors .	The authors believed the presidents .	non-entailment
The tourist and the students called the judge .	The tourist called the students .	non-entailment
The scientists and the presidents saw the professors .	The presidents saw the scientists .	non-entailment
The lawyer and the senators mentioned the tourist .	The senators mentioned the lawyer .	non-entailment
The athletes and the student introduced the judge .	The athletes introduced the student .	non-entailment
The students stopped the manager and the banker .	The banker stopped the manager .	non-entailment
The manager supported the tourists and the banker .	The banker supported the tourists .	non-entailment
The scientist and the students encouraged the authors .	The scientist encouraged the students .	non-entailment
The president admired the artist and the doctor .	The artist admired the doctor .	non-entailment
The secretaries called the professors and the lawyer .	The professors called the lawyer .	non-entailment
The secretary and the president thanked the tourist .	The president thanked the secretary .	non-entailment
The banker advised the student and the presidents .	The student advised the presidents .	non-entailment
The bankers and the tourist thanked the doctors .	The bankers thanked the tourist .	non-entailment
The doctor thanked the tourist and the authors .	The tourist thanked the authors .	non-entailment
The doctors mentioned the authors and the actor .	The authors mentioned the actor .	non-entailment
The actors saw the professor and the tourists .	The professor saw the tourists .	non-entailment
The tourist and the judge admired the secretary .	The tourist admired the judge .	non-entailment
The authors stopped the banker and the lawyer .	The banker stopped the lawyer .	non-entailment
The tourists and the authors called the presidents .	The authors called the tourists .	non-entailment
The senators thanked the secretaries and the actor .	The actor thanked the secretaries .	non-entailment
The actors stopped the manager and the senator .	The manager stopped the senator .	non-entailment
The president and the tourists contacted the secretary .	The president contacted the tourists .	non-entailment
The tourists saw the judge and the lawyer .	The judge saw the lawyer .	non-entailment
The manager and the bankers saw the presidents .	The manager saw the bankers .	non-entailment
The secretary contacted the artist and the professors .	The professors contacted the artist .	non-entailment
The lawyers and the managers recommended the authors .	The lawyers recommended the managers .	non-entailment
The tourist avoided the doctors and the secretaries .	The doctors avoided the secretaries .	non-entailment
The artists and the scientist recognized the senators .	The scientist recognized the artists .	non-entailment
The presidents encouraged the judge and the secretary .	The secretary encouraged the judge .	non-entailment
The artists thanked the secretaries and the professors .	The professors thanked the secretaries .	non-entailment
The students and the senator advised the secretary .	The students advised the senator .	non-entailment
The doctors avoided the judges and the athletes .	The judges avoided the athletes .	non-entailment
The doctors and the banker introduced the lawyers .	The doctors introduced the banker .	non-entailment
The judges called the doctors and the lawyer .	The lawyer called the doctors .	non-entailment
The artists and the doctors contacted the managers .	The doctors contacted the artists .	non-entailment
The actors recognized the scientist and the banker .	The scientist recognized the banker .	non-entailment
The student and the judge encouraged the presidents .	The judge encouraged the student .	non-entailment
The athletes mentioned the scientist and the secretaries .	The secretaries mentioned the scientist .	non-entailment
The senators and the judges stopped the actor .	The judges stopped the senators .	non-entailment
The professor advised the doctor and the actors .	The doctor advised the actors .	non-entailment
The president thanked the professor and the managers .	The professor thanked the managers .	non-entailment
The doctors and the author introduced the senator .	The author introduced the doctors .	non-entailment
The authors and the scientist advised the bankers .	The authors advised the scientist .	non-entailment
The author helped the athlete and the actor .	The athlete helped the actor .	non-entailment
The president and the judges introduced the doctors .	The judges introduced the president .	non-entailment
The athletes believed the judges and the doctor .	The doctor believed the judges .	non-entailment
The banker and the authors helped the artists .	The authors helped the banker .	non-entailment
The secretary thanked the managers and the lawyer .	The lawyer thanked the managers .	non-entailment
The judge supported the tourists and the authors .	The authors supported the tourists .	non-entailment
The secretary and the judge supported the lawyer .	The secretary supported the judge .	non-entailment
The scientists recognized the athlete and the president .	The president recognized the athlete .	non-entailment
The president thanked the artists and the judge .	The judge thanked the artists .	non-entailment
The judge and the lawyer recommended the tourist .	The lawyer recommended the judge .	non-entailment
The lawyers and the professors supported the actors .	The professors supported the lawyers .	non-entailment
The secretary encouraged the actors and the senator .	The actors encouraged the senator .	non-entailment
The tourists and the bankers stopped the senator .	The tourists stopped the bankers .	non-entailment
The author admired the actor and the judges .	The judges admired the actor .	non-entailment
The student avoided the professors and the athlete .	The professors avoided the athlete .	non-entailment
The presidents and the athletes avoided the scientists .	The presidents avoided the athletes .	non-entailment
The senators supported the judges and the actor .	The judges supported the actor .	non-entailment
The bankers avoided the actors and the president .	The actors avoided the president .	non-entailment
The authors and the president recognized the athlete .	The authors recognized the president .	non-entailment
The authors called the artist and the doctor .	The artist called the doctor .	non-entailment
The judges saw the tourist and the actors .	The actors saw the tourist .	non-entailment
The senators and the athletes introduced the actors .	The senators introduced the athletes .	non-entailment
The judges and the professors supported the authors .	The professors supported the judges .	non-entailment
The professors and the judges contacted the athlete .	The professors contacted the judges .	non-entailment
The doctors and the presidents contacted the bankers .	The doctors contacted the presidents .	non-entailment
The managers and the scientists avoided the author .	The managers avoided the scientists .	non-entailment
The authors and the manager avoided the tourist .	The authors avoided the manager .	non-entailment
The banker mentioned the author and the professor .	The author mentioned the professor .	non-entailment
The managers helped the doctor and the president .	The president helped the doctor .	non-entailment
The bankers and the athlete supported the actors .	The bankers supported the athlete .	non-entailment
The tourist and the bankers helped the doctors .	The tourist helped the bankers .	non-entailment
The judges and the lawyer supported the secretary .	The lawyer supported the judges .	non-entailment
The tourist saw the senator and the judges .	The senator saw the judges .	non-entailment
The athletes and the tourist encouraged the managers .	The athletes encouraged the tourist .	non-entailment
The secretaries and the authors saw the students .	The secretaries saw the authors .	non-entailment
The secretary and the doctors believed the judge .	The secretary believed the doctors .	non-entailment
The actor and the bankers recognized the artists .	The actor recognized the bankers .	non-entailment
The lawyer and the tourists recommended the president .	The lawyer recommended the tourists .	non-entailment
The author believed the presidents and the students .	The presidents believed the students .	non-entailment
The secretaries and the managers advised the banker .	The managers advised the secretaries .	non-entailment
The artists encouraged the doctor and the student .	The doctor encouraged the student .	non-entailment
The tourist helped the judge and the doctors .	The judge helped the doctors .	non-entailment
The secretary recognized the artists and the professor .	The professor recognized the artists .	non-entailment
The author introduced the professors and the lawyers .	The lawyers introduced the professors .	non-entailment
The professors recommended the artists and the athlete .	The artists recommended the athlete .	non-entailment
The bankers and the president introduced the authors .	The president introduced the bankers .	non-entailment
The student and the banker introduced the presidents .	The student introduced the banker .	non-entailment
The athletes stopped the president and the professors .	The president stopped the professors .	non-entailment
The presidents and the lawyers saw the senators .	The presidents saw the lawyers .	non-entailment
The doctor stopped the athlete and the secretaries .	The athlete stopped the secretaries .	non-entailment
The athlete admired the managers and the tourists .	The tourists admired the managers .	non-entailment
The scientists and the presidents mentioned the secretaries .	The scientists mentioned the presidents .	non-entailment
The students advised the actors and the professors .	The professors advised the actors .	non-entailment
The athletes introduced the students and the judges .	The students introduced the judges .	non-entailment
The senators believed the scientist and the manager .	The manager believed the scientist .	non-entailment
The secretary encouraged the scientists and the president .	The scientists encouraged the president .	non-entailment
The artist thanked the professor and the president .	The president thanked the professor .	non-entailment
The senator and the author recognized the lawyers .	The author recognized the senator .	non-entailment
The tourists and the athletes believed the secretary .	The tourists believed the athletes .	non-entailment
The tourists saw the judge and the scientists .	The judge saw the scientists .	non-entailment
The author recognized the scientists and the artist .	The artist recognized the scientists .	non-entailment
The banker saw the doctor and the president .	The doctor saw the president .	non-entailment
The students avoided the managers and the secretaries .	The secretaries avoided the managers .	non-entailment
The athlete stopped the managers and the authors .	The authors stopped the managers .	non-entailment
The bankers admired the athletes and the presidents .	The presidents admired the athletes .	non-entailment
The tourist supported the artist and the actors .	The artist supported the actors .	non-entailment
The doctor and the actors called the president .	The doctor called the actors .	non-entailment
The manager saw the scientist and the tourists .	The tourists saw the scientist .	non-entailment
The manager introduced the professors and the senators .	The senators introduced the professors .	non-entailment
The doctors and the judges stopped the banker .	The judges stopped the doctors .	non-entailment
The managers and the bankers encouraged the athlete .	The bankers encouraged the managers .	non-entailment
The lawyer encouraged the artists and the judges .	The judges encouraged the artists .	non-entailment
The tourists and the professor recognized the lawyers .	The tourists recognized the professor .	non-entailment
The artists and the presidents admired the author .	The presidents admired the artists .	non-entailment
The secretaries believed the lawyers and the student .	The lawyers believed the student .	non-entailment
The tourists thanked the senators and the judges .	The senators thanked the judges .	non-entailment
The actors and the professor recommended the athlete .	The actors recommended the professor .	non-entailment
The judges mentioned the senators and the actors .	The actors mentioned the senators .	non-entailment
The manager helped the athletes and the scientist .	The athletes helped the scientist .	non-entailment
The scientist and the bankers believed the senator .	The scientist believed the bankers .	non-entailment
The bankers advised the author and the artists .	The author advised the artists .	non-entailment
The doctors recognized the managers and the artist .	The artist recognized the managers .	non-entailment
The student mentioned the manager and the scientists .	The scientists mentioned the manager .	non-entailment
The actor and the judges believed the artists .	The judges believed the actor .	non-entailment
The tourist and the secretaries mentioned the professor .	The tourist mentioned the secretaries .	non-entailment
The doctor believed the professors and the athlete .	The professors believed the athlete .	non-entailment
The banker called the athletes and the tourists .	The tourists called the athletes .	non-entailment
The doctors recommended the athletes and the student .	The student recommended the athletes .	non-entailment
The president and the secretaries stopped the senator .	The secretaries stopped the president .	non-entailment
The president recommended the tourist and the athletes .	The tourist recommended the athletes .	non-entailment
The tourist thanked the president and the doctor .	The president thanked the doctor .	non-entailment
The actors encouraged the author and the professor .	The author encouraged the professor .	non-entailment
The athlete advised the actors and the professors .	The actors advised the professors .	non-entailment
The athletes and the president called the secretaries .	The president called the athletes .	non-entailment
The managers introduced the president and the professor .	The president introduced the professor .	non-entailment
The scientist and the banker supported the actor .	The scientist supported the banker .	non-entailment
The secretary and the students recognized the athlete .	The secretary recognized the students .	non-entailment
The athletes encouraged the manager and the tourist .	The tourist encouraged the manager .	non-entailment
The judges and the actor supported the senators .	The judges supported the actor .	non-entailment
The lawyer and the tourist believed the senator .	The lawyer believed the tourist .	non-entailment
The professors and the athletes recognized the student .	The athletes recognized the professors .	non-entailment
The author and the professors mentioned the judges .	The professors mentioned the author .	non-entailment
The professor and the presidents helped the lawyer .	The presidents helped the professor .	non-entailment
The author and the lawyers stopped the professors .	The author stopped the lawyers .	non-entailment
The president and the actor called the bankers .	The president called the actor .	non-entailment
The secretaries believed the presidents and the student .	The presidents believed the student .	non-entailment
The authors avoided the students and the tourist .	The students avoided the tourist .	non-entailment
The doctor and the presidents stopped the students .	The presidents stopped the doctor .	non-entailment
The students and the managers advised the bankers .	The managers advised the students .	non-entailment
The banker avoided the author and the artist .	The artist avoided the author .	non-entailment
The actor and the scientists called the lawyer .	The scientists called the actor .	non-entailment
The author and the lawyers supported the athlete .	The lawyers supported the author .	non-entailment
The managers and the senators recommended the judge .	The senators recommended the managers .	non-entailment
The actor saw the judges and the students .	The students saw the judges .	non-entailment
The doctors saw the judges and the scientists .	The judges saw the scientists .	non-entailment
The authors recognized the athlete and the bankers .	The athlete recognized the bankers .	non-entailment
The senators thanked the artists and the president .	The president thanked the artists .	non-entailment
The senator recommended the lawyer and the athlete .	The athlete recommended the lawyer .	non-entailment
The authors and the athlete believed the artist .	The authors believed the athlete .	non-entailment
The presidents and the senator mentioned the authors .	The presidents mentioned the senator .	non-entailment
The senator advised the students and the artists .	The artists advised the students .	non-entailment
The authors and the manager stopped the banker .	The authors stopped the manager .	non-entailment
The professors contacted the artists and the secretary .	The artists contacted the secretary .	non-entailment
The student and the presidents thanked the authors .	The student thanked the presidents .	non-entailment
The secretary recognized the doctor and the artists .	The artists recognized the doctor .	non-entailment
The presidents and the student advised the author .	The presidents advised the student .	non-entailment
The tourists supported the manager and the student .	The manager supported the student .	non-entailment
The judge and the actor recommended the lawyers .	The judge recommended the actor .	non-entailment
The athletes and the manager called the scientist .	The manager called the athletes .	non-entailment
The secretaries encouraged the senator and the athlete .	The senator encouraged the athlete .	non-entailment
The actor and the student helped the doctors .	The student helped the actor .	non-entailment
The scientists thanked the president and the artist .	The president thanked the artist .	non-entailment
The senator advised the student and the judge .	The judge advised the student .	non-entailment
The senator and the actor recommended the doctors .	The senator recommended the actor .	non-entailment
The presidents and the professor avoided the banker .	The presidents avoided the professor .	non-entailment
The professors and the managers encouraged the tourist .	The professors encouraged the managers .	non-entailment
The doctors and the secretaries mentioned the presidents .	The doctors mentioned the secretaries .	non-entailment
The secretary believed the lawyers and the author .	The lawyers believed the author .	non-entailment
The manager and the doctor supported the students .	The manager supported the doctor .	non-entailment
The bankers contacted the judge and the author .	The author contacted the judge .	non-entailment
The president and the actor helped the student .	The president helped the actor .	non-entailment
The professor helped the secretaries and the scientists .	The secretaries helped the scientists .	non-entailment
The doctors recognized the scientist and the actors .	The scientist recognized the actors .	non-entailment
The bankers supported the lawyers and the artist .	The artist supported the lawyers .	non-entailment
The author advised the lawyer and the actors .	The lawyer advised the actors .	non-entailment
The artist and the bankers advised the manager .	The bankers advised the artist .	non-entailment
The author and the tourist believed the artists .	The author believed the tourist .	non-entailment
The bankers and the secretaries contacted the lawyer .	The bankers contacted the secretaries .	non-entailment
The doctors and the student recommended the authors .	The student recommended the doctors .	non-entailment
The lawyers and the actor mentioned the students .	The actor mentioned the lawyers .	non-entailment
The manager and the judge helped the tourists .	The manager helped the judge .	non-entailment
The artists and the doctor recommended the managers .	The doctor recommended the artists .	non-entailment
The professors and the judge recognized the senator .	The professors recognized the judge .	non-entailment
The scientist supported the judges and the manager .	The judges supported the manager .	non-entailment
The doctors supported the tourist and the actor .	The actor supported the tourist .	non-entailment
The bankers and the tourist recommended the secretaries .	The tourist recommended the bankers .	non-entailment
The managers encouraged the artists and the lawyer .	The lawyer encouraged the artists .	non-entailment
The secretaries and the president advised the doctor .	The president advised the secretaries .	non-entailment
The artists admired the authors and the manager .	The manager admired the authors .	non-entailment
The tourist encouraged the actors and the secretary .	The actors encouraged the secretary .	non-entailment
The secretaries advised the authors and the student .	The student advised the authors .	non-entailment
The student mentioned the president and the secretaries .	The president mentioned the secretaries .	non-entailment
The managers and the athletes mentioned the bankers .	The athletes mentioned the managers .	non-entailment
The presidents admired the artist and the athlete .	The athlete admired the artist .	non-entailment
The secretary contacted the tourists and the lawyers .	The tourists contacted the lawyers .	non-entailment
The athletes and the secretaries believed the senator .	The secretaries believed the athletes .	non-entailment
The presidents and the doctors admired the artists .	The presidents admired the doctors .	non-entailment
The secretaries and the scientist advised the student .	The scientist advised the secretaries .	non-entailment
The actors thanked the lawyers and the president .	The lawyers thanked the president .	non-entailment
The senators recommended the lawyer and the professors .	The professors recommended the lawyer .	non-entailment
The doctors helped the artist and the secretary .	The secretary helped the artist .	non-entailment
The judges admired the senator and the artist .	The senator admired the artist .	non-entailment
The artists advised the manager and the actor .	The actor advised the manager .	non-entailment
The judge and the professors thanked the presidents .	The professors thanked the judge .	non-entailment
The doctors and the judges contacted the artists .	The doctors contacted the judges .	non-entailment
The banker and the artist saw the tourist .	The artist saw the banker .	non-entailment
The judge avoided the scientist and the authors .	The authors avoided the scientist .	non-entailment
The lawyer recognized the author and the actors .	The actors recognized the author .	non-entailment
The senators and the judges introduced the doctors .	The judges introduced the senators .	non-entailment
The secretaries and the doctors called the lawyer .	The doctors called the secretaries .	non-entailment
The secretary mentioned the scientist and the banker .	The scientist mentioned the banker .	non-entailment
The artist avoided the authors and the banker .	The banker avoided the authors .	non-entailment
The author and the judges encouraged the president .	The author encouraged the judges .	non-entailment
The president introduced the scientists and the student .	The scientists introduced the student .	non-entailment
The bankers thanked the senator and the doctors .	The senator thanked the doctors .	non-entailment
The doctor recommended the artists and the actor .	The actor recommended the artists .	non-entailment
The scientists contacted the manager and the secretary .	The manager contacted the secretary .	non-entailment
The secretary advised the judge and the senators .	The judge advised the senators .	non-entailment
The tourist saw the managers and the secretary .	The managers saw the secretary .	non-entailment
The artist and the tourist contacted the lawyers .	The tourist contacted the artist .	non-entailment
The lawyers and the senators contacted the doctor .	The senators contacted the lawyers .	non-entailment
The doctors mentioned the senators and the athlete .	The athlete mentioned the senators .	non-entailment
The tourist and the athlete introduced the scientist .	The athlete introduced the tourist .	non-entailment
The professor saw the actor and the judge .	The actor saw the judge .	non-entailment
The doctor supported the authors and the tourists .	The authors supported the tourists .	non-entailment
The professor recognized the president and the secretaries .	The secretaries recognized the president .	non-entailment
The athlete recommended the actors and the doctors .	The actors recommended the doctors .	non-entailment
The tourists and the senators contacted the scientist .	The tourists contacted the senators .	non-entailment
The tourists and the secretary helped the author .	The secretary helped the tourists .	non-entailment
The author and the actors advised the doctor .	The author advised the actors .	non-entailment
The actor supported the author and the lawyer .	The author supported the lawyer .	non-entailment
The bankers supported the tourists and the authors .	The tourists supported the authors .	non-entailment
The authors avoided the secretary and the lawyer .	The secretary avoided the lawyer .	non-entailment
The scientist and the judge recommended the managers .	The judge recommended the scientist .	non-entailment
The senator and the student supported the judge .	The student supported the senator .	non-entailment
The artists contacted the banker and the tourist .	The banker contacted the tourist .	non-entailment
The authors encouraged the athlete and the tourists .	The tourists encouraged the athlete .	non-entailment
The athletes and the managers avoided the scientists .	The athletes avoided the managers .	non-entailment
The managers advised the artist and the authors .	The artist advised the authors .	non-entailment
The judge and the banker thanked the artists .	The judge thanked the banker .	non-entailment
The doctors and the judges believed the actor .	The judges believed the doctors .	non-entailment
The students and the judge mentioned the tourists .	The judge mentioned the students .	non-entailment
The professor and the scientist advised the doctors .	The scientist advised the professor .	non-entailment
The student encouraged the presidents and the senator .	The presidents encouraged the senator .	non-entailment
The artist and the secretary recognized the doctors .	The secretary recognized the artist .	non-entailment
The artists thanked the authors and the senator .	The authors thanked the senator .	non-entailment
The tourists and the lawyer called the secretaries .	The lawyer called the tourists .	non-entailment
The athlete supported the senator and the presidents .	The senator supported the presidents .	non-entailment
The artists and the judges recommended the student .	The judges recommended the artists .	non-entailment
The artist called the doctor and the senators .	The senators called the doctor .	non-entailment
The scientists recognized the lawyers and the bankers .	The lawyers recognized the bankers .	non-entailment
The managers thanked the secretary and the president .	The secretary thanked the president .	non-entailment
The lawyers admired the senator and the president .	The president admired the senator .	non-entailment
The tourist supported the senators and the presidents .	The senators supported the presidents .	non-entailment
The scientist admired the artist and the lawyer .	The artist admired the lawyer .	non-entailment
The scientist supported the president and the judge .	The judge supported the president .	non-entailment
The tourist admired the students and the scientists .	The scientists admired the students .	non-entailment
The lawyers and the senators mentioned the secretaries .	The senators mentioned the lawyers .	non-entailment
The actor and the doctors recommended the professor .	The actor recommended the doctors .	non-entailment
The doctor called the scientist and the tourist .	The tourist called the scientist .	non-entailment
The tourists and the judges stopped the doctors .	The tourists stopped the judges .	non-entailment
The judges and the tourists advised the professor .	The tourists advised the judges .	non-entailment
The senators and the artist supported the student .	The senators supported the artist .	non-entailment
The author and the doctor recommended the judges .	The author recommended the doctor .	non-entailment
The actors and the tourist recommended the doctor .	The tourist recommended the actors .	non-entailment
The professor thanked the manager and the judges .	The manager thanked the judges .	non-entailment
The scientists and the tourists introduced the banker .	The tourists introduced the scientists .	non-entailment
The lawyer thanked the professors and the judge .	The professors thanked the judge .	non-entailment
The artists and the senator helped the president .	The senator helped the artists .	non-entailment
The scientists saw the professors and the tourists .	The tourists saw the professors .	non-entailment
The scientist and the tourist stopped the doctors .	The scientist stopped the tourist .	non-entailment
The manager believed the actor and the tourist .	The actor believed the tourist .	non-entailment
The athlete and the actors thanked the doctor .	The actors thanked the athlete .	non-entailment
The senators stopped the manager and the artists .	The manager stopped the artists .	non-entailment
The authors avoided the doctor and the judges .	The judges avoided the doctor .	non-entailment
The secretaries contacted the students and the lawyer .	The lawyer contacted the students .	non-entailment
The tourist mentioned the artists and the bankers .	The artists mentioned the bankers .	non-entailment
The artists recommended the tourists and the professors .	The tourists recommended the professors .	non-entailment
The actors thanked the scientist and the manager .	The scientist thanked the manager .	non-entailment
The lawyer stopped the doctor and the president .	The president stopped the doctor .	non-entailment
The lawyer and the tourists recommended the student .	The lawyer recommended the tourists .	non-entailment
The tourist and the manager avoided the actor .	The manager avoided the tourist .	non-entailment
The manager believed the senators and the authors .	The authors believed the senators .	non-entailment
The actor saw the senator and the scientists .	The senator saw the scientists .	non-entailment
The manager and the scientist thanked the artists .	The manager thanked the scientist .	non-entailment
The secretary helped the artists and the author .	The artists helped the author .	non-entailment
The judges advised the manager and the professor .	The professor advised the manager .	non-entailment
The tourists and the authors supported the doctors .	The tourists supported the authors .	non-entailment
The banker and the lawyers mentioned the professors .	The lawyers mentioned the banker .	non-entailment
The author and the judges recommended the senator .	The judges recommended the author .	non-entailment
The bankers and the actor thanked the scientists .	The bankers thanked the actor .	non-entailment
The secretaries advised the judge and the managers .	The managers advised the judge .	non-entailment
The manager and the professors encouraged the doctors .	The professors encouraged the manager .	non-entailment
The professor and the presidents encouraged the doctor .	The presidents encouraged the professor .	non-entailment
The senator avoided the president and the tourists .	The tourists avoided the president .	non-entailment
The manager advised the president and the scientist .	The president advised the scientist .	non-entailment
The bankers called the scientists and the president .	The scientists called the president .	non-entailment
The athlete and the president avoided the tourist .	The president avoided the athlete .	non-entailment
The judges introduced the secretary and the athlete .	The athlete introduced the secretary .	non-entailment
The managers and the senators recommended the tourists .	The senators recommended the managers .	non-entailment
The professor advised the student and the manager .	The student advised the manager .	non-entailment
The artist contacted the secretary and the senator .	The senator contacted the secretary .	non-entailment
The senator and the banker saw the professor .	The banker saw the senator .	non-entailment
The scientist saw the actors and the secretaries .	The secretaries saw the actors .	non-entailment
The author and the artists supported the lawyer .	The artists supported the author .	non-entailment
The doctor and the scientists introduced the tourist .	The doctor introduced the scientists .	non-entailment
The tourist and the senators advised the artists .	The senators advised the tourist .	non-entailment
The tourist advised the athletes and the managers .	The managers advised the athletes .	non-entailment
The athletes recognized the scientists and the judges .	The scientists recognized the judges .	non-entailment
The author and the bankers helped the doctor .	The author helped the bankers .	non-entailment
The senator and the lawyer introduced the judge .	The lawyer introduced the senator .	non-entailment
The secretaries and the artist introduced the professors .	The secretaries introduced the artist .	non-entailment
The banker and the student thanked the artists .	The student thanked the banker .	non-entailment
The tourists contacted the manager and the student .	The manager contacted the student .	non-entailment
The banker introduced the doctors and the secretary .	The doctors introduced the secretary .	non-entailment
The lawyers contacted the presidents and the athlete .	The presidents contacted the athlete .	non-entailment
The banker and the actors advised the senators .	The banker advised the actors .	non-entailment
The authors and the actors avoided the tourist .	The authors avoided the actors .	non-entailment
The managers and the tourist mentioned the authors .	The tourist mentioned the managers .	non-entailment
The lawyers stopped the presidents and the secretaries .	The secretaries stopped the presidents .	non-entailment
The doctor contacted the tourists and the athlete .	The athlete contacted the tourists .	non-entailment
The doctor supported the lawyers and the author .	The lawyers supported the author .	non-entailment
The judges and the professors encouraged the athletes .	The professors encouraged the judges .	non-entailment
The bankers and the lawyer advised the artists .	The bankers advised the lawyer .	non-entailment
The author supported the tourist and the secretaries .	The tourist supported the secretaries .	non-entailment
The doctors advised the manager and the presidents .	The presidents advised the manager .	non-entailment
The tourist contacted the scientists and the artists .	The artists contacted the scientists .	non-entailment
The tourists encouraged the doctors and the managers .	The doctors encouraged the managers .	non-entailment
The secretaries and the tourist saw the lawyer .	The secretaries saw the tourist .	non-entailment
The senator encouraged the author and the secretary .	The secretary encouraged the author .	non-entailment
The doctors and the tourist stopped the author .	The doctors stopped the tourist .	non-entailment
The professor helped the artists and the secretary .	The secretary helped the artists .	non-entailment
The doctors admired the professor and the athlete .	The professor admired the athlete .	non-entailment
The banker and the lawyer called the tourists .	The banker called the lawyer .	non-entailment
The senator called the lawyer and the secretaries .	The lawyer called the secretaries .	non-entailment
The authors supported the senator and the students .	The senator supported the students .	non-entailment
The secretary and the lawyers advised the professor .	The secretary advised the lawyers .	non-entailment
The lawyers and the bankers thanked the professors .	The lawyers thanked the bankers .	non-entailment
The scientist mentioned the doctors and the lawyers .	The doctors mentioned the lawyers .	non-entailment
The scientist and the senator contacted the presidents .	The senator contacted the scientist .	non-entailment
The lawyer and the tourist believed the artist .	The tourist believed the lawyer .	non-entailment
The banker called the judges and the doctor .	The judges called the doctor .	non-entailment
The scientists saw the doctors and the president .	The doctors saw the president .	non-entailment
The judge and the artists contacted the student .	The judge contacted the artists .	non-entailment
The author supported the senator and the professors .	The senator supported the professors .	non-entailment
The secretaries and the senator advised the scientists .	The secretaries advised the senator .	non-entailment
The banker and the manager helped the lawyer .	The banker helped the manager .	non-entailment
The bankers and the senators mentioned the scientist .	The senators mentioned the bankers .	non-entailment
The banker recognized the tourists and the author .	The tourists recognized the author .	non-entailment
The author encouraged the artists and the actors .	The artists encouraged the actors .	non-entailment
The authors mentioned the managers and the doctor .	The doctor mentioned the managers .	non-entailment
The scientist and the student called the athlete .	The student called the scientist .	non-entailment
The secretaries and the judge helped the bankers .	The secretaries helped the judge .	non-entailment
The athlete and the manager advised the lawyer .	The manager advised the athlete .	non-entailment
The student called the tourist and the presidents .	The presidents called the tourist .	non-entailment
The senator advised the tourist and the scientist .	The scientist advised the tourist .	non-entailment
The judges recommended the tourist that believed the authors .	The tourist believed the authors .	entailment
The tourist advised the artists who admired the secretaries .	The artists admired the secretaries .	entailment
The athlete called the manager that admired the judges .	The manager admired the judges .	entailment
The actors that the students contacted admired the lawyer .	The students contacted the actors .	entailment
The judge admired the professor who the authors avoided .	The authors avoided the professor .	entailment
The secretary advised the managers who the actors introduced .	The actors introduced the managers .	entailment
The lawyer recommended the actors who the secretary believed .	The secretary believed the actors .	entailment
The banker who the athletes recognized thanked the authors .	The athletes recognized the banker .	entailment
The managers recognized the bankers that called the students .	The bankers called the students .	entailment
The artists that the senators encouraged saw the secretaries .	The senators encouraged the artists .	entailment
The managers helped the lawyers that recommended the students .	The lawyers recommended the students .	entailment
The presidents admired the manager who mentioned the secretary .	The manager mentioned the secretary .	entailment
The students who the actor thanked contacted the lawyers .	The actor thanked the students .	entailment
The actors who avoided the senators encouraged the professor .	The actors avoided the senators .	entailment
The students thanked the secretary that the manager introduced .	The manager introduced the secretary .	entailment
The president introduced the author that the athletes saw .	The athletes saw the author .	entailment
The student who the lawyers helped believed the senators .	The lawyers helped the student .	entailment
The secretaries who thanked the artist called the tourists .	The secretaries thanked the artist .	entailment
The secretaries mentioned the president that the scientists recommended .	The scientists recommended the president .	entailment
The judge that the actors advised avoided the athletes .	The actors advised the judge .	entailment
The senator that mentioned the tourists saw the professor .	The senator mentioned the tourists .	entailment
The scientist who encouraged the presidents thanked the senators .	The scientist encouraged the presidents .	entailment
The artists called the students who avoided the secretary .	The students avoided the secretary .	entailment
The actors that stopped the students recognized the doctors .	The actors stopped the students .	entailment
The doctors that the tourists supported advised the secretary .	The tourists supported the doctors .	entailment
The scientists who the judges called supported the managers .	The judges called the scientists .	entailment
The secretary that recommended the scientists thanked the authors .	The secretary recommended the scientists .	entailment
The banker advised the professors that recommended the manager .	The professors recommended the manager .	entailment
The banker that introduced the artists stopped the manager .	The banker introduced the artists .	entailment
The professors that contacted the students saw the author .	The professors contacted the students .	entailment
The scientists avoided the tourist who the secretaries stopped .	The secretaries stopped the tourist .	entailment
The lawyers who the president contacted encouraged the student .	The president contacted the lawyers .	entailment
The actors recognized the managers that the secretaries saw .	The secretaries saw the managers .	entailment
The judge that the athlete recognized encouraged the professors .	The athlete recognized the judge .	entailment
The senators who thanked the secretaries saw the actors .	The senators thanked the secretaries .	entailment
The professor recommended the bankers that the president called .	The president called the bankers .	entailment
The authors stopped the athletes who introduced the scientists .	The athletes introduced the scientists .	entailment
The doctors contacted the athletes who believed the actors .	The athletes believed the actors .	entailment
The senator advised the professors that the artist introduced .	The artist introduced the professors .	entailment
The judge mentioned the bankers who introduced the secretary .	The bankers introduced the secretary .	entailment
The scientist that avoided the athletes called the professors .	The scientist avoided the athletes .	entailment
The lawyer avoided the manager that the athlete called .	The athlete called the manager .	entailment
The managers avoided the banker who the senator supported .	The senator supported the banker .	entailment
The artist who the actor contacted mentioned the managers .	The actor contacted the artist .	entailment
The athletes who recommended the artists avoided the managers .	The athletes recommended the artists .	entailment
The athlete who recognized the lawyer supported the students .	The athlete recognized the lawyer .	entailment
The athletes that recommended the lawyers recognized the judge .	The athletes recommended the lawyers .	entailment
The author who helped the president admired the judge .	The author helped the president .	entailment
The student mentioned the doctor that recognized the secretary .	The doctor recognized the secretary .	entailment
The athletes supported the senator who advised the professors .	The senator advised the professors .	entailment
The actor saw the professors who supported the president .	The professors supported the president .	entailment
The president supported the secretary who recognized the student .	The secretary recognized the student .	entailment
The presidents that the judge believed saw the senator .	The judge believed the presidents .	entailment
The doctor who thanked the author helped the secretaries .	The doctor thanked the author .	entailment
The bankers that avoided the student encouraged the professor .	The bankers avoided the student .	entailment
The authors introduced the students that the artist admired .	The artist admired the students .	entailment
The student admired the president who contacted the tourist .	The president contacted the tourist .	entailment
The artist avoided the athletes who mentioned the managers .	The athletes mentioned the managers .	entailment
The senator thanked the lawyer who the professors recommended .	The professors recommended the lawyer .	entailment
The scientists who recognized the secretaries called the actor .	The scientists recognized the secretaries .	entailment
The professor recognized the doctor that helped the author .	The doctor helped the author .	entailment
The banker that the athletes avoided called the lawyer .	The athletes avoided the banker .	entailment
The artists stopped the presidents who avoided the senators .	The presidents avoided the senators .	entailment
The tourists who encouraged the athletes mentioned the senator .	The tourists encouraged the athletes .	entailment
The president introduced the athletes who the professor helped .	The professor helped the athletes .	entailment
The scientist saw the student that thanked the president .	The student thanked the president .	entailment
The doctors saw the athletes who the student mentioned .	The student mentioned the athletes .	entailment
The actors that contacted the tourist called the banker .	The actors contacted the tourist .	entailment
The secretaries helped the banker who called the authors .	The banker called the authors .	entailment
The tourist who stopped the bankers mentioned the professor .	The tourist stopped the bankers .	entailment
The manager called the lawyer that mentioned the secretaries .	The lawyer mentioned the secretaries .	entailment
The author that supported the presidents admired the lawyer .	The author supported the presidents .	entailment
The judge contacted the tourist that the secretary saw .	The secretary saw the tourist .	entailment
The banker who the lawyer avoided thanked the author .	The lawyer avoided the banker .	entailment
The lawyers that the tourist saw believed the senators .	The tourist saw the lawyers .	entailment
The lawyer that avoided the student supported the judges .	The lawyer avoided the student .	entailment
The bankers that thanked the tourist encouraged the artists .	The bankers thanked the tourist .	entailment
The student that introduced the senator helped the bankers .	The student introduced the senator .	entailment
The athletes supported the doctors who the managers advised .	The managers advised the doctors .	entailment
The athlete that the presidents believed helped the authors .	The presidents believed the athlete .	entailment
The doctor supported the authors that introduced the president .	The authors introduced the president .	entailment
The president who avoided the bankers supported the senators .	The president avoided the bankers .	entailment
The managers who saw the lawyers introduced the secretary .	The managers saw the lawyers .	entailment
The artist avoided the professors who the scientist encouraged .	The scientist encouraged the professors .	entailment
The athlete who admired the secretaries helped the senator .	The athlete admired the secretaries .	entailment
The president who recommended the professor thanked the scientist .	The president recommended the professor .	entailment
The authors advised the banker that thanked the lawyers .	The banker thanked the lawyers .	entailment
The scientists that the author encouraged helped the tourist .	The author encouraged the scientists .	entailment
The artists who the bankers avoided supported the judges .	The bankers avoided the artists .	entailment
The bankers believed the author that encouraged the athletes .	The author encouraged the athletes .	entailment
The scientist stopped the secretaries who the senator advised .	The senator advised the secretaries .	entailment
The lawyers who recognized the banker thanked the athlete .	The lawyers recognized the banker .	entailment
The tourists thanked the presidents that mentioned the scientists .	The presidents mentioned the scientists .	entailment
The senator who the athletes mentioned believed the artists .	The athletes mentioned the senator .	entailment
The athlete advised the banker that the lawyers contacted .	The lawyers contacted the banker .	entailment
The doctor who the judges avoided introduced the managers .	The judges avoided the doctor .	entailment
The artist who the judge saw admired the student .	The judge saw the artist .	entailment
The actors who introduced the president admired the tourist .	The actors introduced the president .	entailment
The athletes mentioned the judge who the student called .	The student called the judge .	entailment
The managers contacted the bankers that admired the judge .	The bankers admired the judge .	entailment
The doctors who introduced the manager called the athletes .	The doctors introduced the manager .	entailment
The secretaries thanked the actors who stopped the managers .	The actors stopped the managers .	entailment
The athletes called the scientists that the presidents encouraged .	The presidents encouraged the scientists .	entailment
The secretary who stopped the actors admired the presidents .	The secretary stopped the actors .	entailment
The tourist avoided the artists that the senators thanked .	The senators thanked the artists .	entailment
The tourist avoided the actor who the banker called .	The banker called the actor .	entailment
The authors that the banker mentioned believed the actor .	The banker mentioned the authors .	entailment
The judge supported the president who believed the lawyers .	The president believed the lawyers .	entailment
The professor who the senators saw contacted the tourists .	The senators saw the professor .	entailment
The doctor that helped the bankers encouraged the presidents .	The doctor helped the bankers .	entailment
The presidents that the students called recommended the athletes .	The students called the presidents .	entailment
The author admired the scientist that recommended the artist .	The scientist recommended the artist .	entailment
The author who stopped the actors advised the manager .	The author stopped the actors .	entailment
The president that the professor contacted encouraged the actors .	The professor contacted the president .	entailment
The tourist who the artist advised stopped the students .	The artist advised the tourist .	entailment
The president mentioned the scientist who contacted the judges .	The scientist contacted the judges .	entailment
The secretaries called the banker who the lawyers admired .	The lawyers admired the banker .	entailment
The scientists who the banker believed helped the lawyers .	The banker believed the scientists .	entailment
The tourists encouraged the presidents that admired the doctor .	The presidents admired the doctor .	entailment
The banker that the artists recognized recommended the tourists .	The artists recognized the banker .	entailment
The judges admired the banker that the actors encouraged .	The actors encouraged the banker .	entailment
The students avoided the lawyers that recommended the tourists .	The lawyers recommended the tourists .	entailment
The athletes recognized the artist that saw the secretaries .	The artist saw the secretaries .	entailment
The author that the student supported encouraged the athletes .	The student supported the author .	entailment
The artist that the tourist avoided stopped the managers .	The tourist avoided the artist .	entailment
The judge mentioned the lawyers who advised the author .	The lawyers advised the author .	entailment
The professors who the student introduced mentioned the athletes .	The student introduced the professors .	entailment
The presidents stopped the tourist who the professor recognized .	The professor recognized the tourist .	entailment
The doctors who the banker helped recommended the actors .	The banker helped the doctors .	entailment
The president who helped the tourists mentioned the doctors .	The president helped the tourists .	entailment
The professors stopped the lawyers that the senator contacted .	The senator contacted the lawyers .	entailment
The author recognized the athlete that the tourists introduced .	The tourists introduced the athlete .	entailment
The tourist that saw the presidents helped the professors .	The tourist saw the presidents .	entailment
The judge advised the professor that admired the lawyers .	The professor admired the lawyers .	entailment
The actors recommended the judges that the artists supported .	The artists supported the judges .	entailment
The artist that saw the doctor recognized the lawyers .	The artist saw the doctor .	entailment
The lawyers thanked the athletes that avoided the author .	The athletes avoided the author .	entailment
The president that the athlete called saw the banker .	The athlete called the president .	entailment
The bankers mentioned the professor that stopped the scientists .	The professor stopped the scientists .	entailment
The secretary believed the professors that the actor stopped .	The actor stopped the professors .	entailment
The professors who the doctor stopped believed the lawyers .	The doctor stopped the professors .	entailment
The professors who the secretary recognized avoided the judges .	The secretary recognized the professors .	entailment
The doctors mentioned the senator who avoided the scientist .	The senator avoided the scientist .	entailment
The professors admired the bankers who the artist avoided .	The artist avoided the bankers .	entailment
The managers that the authors supported stopped the athletes .	The authors supported the managers .	entailment
The presidents that the tourist admired contacted the doctor .	The tourist admired the presidents .	entailment
The lawyers believed the tourists who the president stopped .	The president stopped the tourists .	entailment
The senators recommended the scientists who called the professor .	The scientists called the professor .	entailment
The lawyer that admired the bankers contacted the doctor .	The lawyer admired the bankers .	entailment
The student advised the scientists that recognized the tourists .	The scientists recognized the tourists .	entailment
The doctor that the scientist encouraged believed the lawyer .	The scientist encouraged the doctor .	entailment
The athletes contacted the tourists who the actors introduced .	The actors introduced the tourists .	entailment
The senator that the actor stopped avoided the authors .	The actor stopped the senator .	entailment
The athletes who avoided the secretary contacted the presidents .	The athletes avoided the secretary .	entailment
The professor supported the author who the athlete called .	The athlete called the author .	entailment
The authors introduced the lawyers that supported the secretary .	The lawyers supported the secretary .	entailment
The athlete that saw the lawyers introduced the scientists .	The athlete saw the lawyers .	entailment
The author who the lawyers helped thanked the doctor .	The lawyers helped the author .	entailment
The athlete that believed the scientist encouraged the senators .	The athlete believed the scientist .	entailment
The bankers supported the artist that the students recommended .	The students recommended the artist .	entailment
The manager who the senator introduced helped the tourists .	The senator introduced the manager .	entailment
The actor introduced the students who believed the president .	The students believed the president .	entailment
The bankers that avoided the artists supported the doctor .	The bankers avoided the artists .	entailment
The banker supported the scientists who avoided the doctor .	The scientists avoided the doctor .	entailment
The judge stopped the artists who helped the president .	The artists helped the president .	entailment
The judge that the authors supported advised the scientist .	The authors supported the judge .	entailment
The professors who the presidents stopped believed the managers .	The presidents stopped the professors .	entailment
The authors admired the judge who the artists recommended .	The artists recommended the judge .	entailment
The secretaries contacted the professor that advised the artist .	The professor advised the artist .	entailment
The presidents stopped the secretary who the senators advised .	The senators advised the secretary .	entailment
The secretaries who introduced the actors helped the president .	The secretaries introduced the actors .	entailment
The authors avoided the senator who recommended the secretaries .	The senator recommended the secretaries .	entailment
The lawyers that mentioned the tourist recommended the actors .	The lawyers mentioned the tourist .	entailment
The author thanked the senators who the banker stopped .	The banker stopped the senators .	entailment
The actor who the lawyers recommended helped the athlete .	The lawyers recommended the actor .	entailment
The tourists mentioned the students that the professor encouraged .	The professor encouraged the students .	entailment
The doctors who encouraged the bankers introduced the professors .	The doctors encouraged the bankers .	entailment
The athlete who the senators recognized admired the artist .	The senators recognized the athlete .	entailment
The judge mentioned the actor that introduced the student .	The actor introduced the student .	entailment
The scientist who the senator mentioned recognized the actors .	The senator mentioned the scientist .	entailment
The lawyer admired the managers that the judge avoided .	The judge avoided the managers .	entailment
The actor that the manager introduced saw the artist .	The manager introduced the actor .	entailment
The students that the tourist introduced thanked the artist .	The tourist introduced the students .	entailment
The scientists who believed the doctors encouraged the secretaries .	The scientists believed the doctors .	entailment
The athlete that contacted the tourists mentioned the actors .	The athlete contacted the tourists .	entailment
The judges that the banker supported recommended the managers .	The banker supported the judges .	entailment
The author that the lawyers recognized helped the students .	The lawyers recognized the author .	entailment
The lawyers that the professor recommended thanked the managers .	The professor recommended the lawyers .	entailment
The authors thanked the senators that the manager admired .	The manager admired the senators .	entailment
The secretaries that the artist saw stopped the lawyer .	The artist saw the secretaries .	entailment
The actors supported the tourist who believed the lawyers .	The tourist believed the lawyers .	entailment
The doctor believed the actors that encouraged the author .	The actors encouraged the author .	entailment
The authors that thanked the secretary recognized the senators .	The authors thanked the secretary .	entailment
The tourists saw the artists who the lawyer admired .	The lawyer admired the artists .	entailment
The professor introduced the author that the athletes helped .	The athletes helped the author .	entailment
The lawyers recognized the tourist that the manager supported .	The manager supported the tourist .	entailment
The athlete advised the scientists that the actors recommended .	The actors recommended the scientists .	entailment
The actors mentioned the doctor who the judges supported .	The judges supported the doctor .	entailment
The artist that the senators supported encouraged the scientist .	The senators supported the artist .	entailment
The judge believed the tourists who the banker supported .	The banker supported the tourists .	entailment
The doctor called the judges who supported the actor .	The judges supported the actor .	entailment
The professors supported the bankers that introduced the presidents .	The bankers introduced the presidents .	entailment
The banker avoided the president that saw the professor .	The president saw the professor .	entailment
The actors supported the scientists that mentioned the manager .	The scientists mentioned the manager .	entailment
The doctors helped the students that recognized the tourist .	The students recognized the tourist .	entailment
The managers who the senators contacted thanked the doctors .	The senators contacted the managers .	entailment
The artists who the scientist encouraged believed the professors .	The scientist encouraged the artists .	entailment
The managers that mentioned the president admired the professors .	The managers mentioned the president .	entailment
The lawyers saw the actor that the presidents thanked .	The presidents thanked the actor .	entailment
The judges who the athletes helped supported the managers .	The athletes helped the judges .	entailment
The banker who thanked the athletes mentioned the secretaries .	The banker thanked the athletes .	entailment
The senator admired the judges that the doctor helped .	The doctor helped the judges .	entailment
The athlete that believed the lawyers saw the tourist .	The athlete believed the lawyers .	entailment
The students saw the actors that the artist recommended .	The artist recommended the actors .	entailment
The secretaries that the student avoided contacted the senator .	The student avoided the secretaries .	entailment
The banker helped the president who introduced the athlete .	The president introduced the athlete .	entailment
The artists who the professors thanked recognized the actor .	The professors thanked the artists .	entailment
The manager who the secretary called advised the judge .	The secretary called the manager .	entailment
The judges who recognized the athletes helped the scientists .	The judges recognized the athletes .	entailment
The artist who the doctors encouraged admired the banker .	The doctors encouraged the artist .	entailment
The secretary who the managers admired believed the actor .	The managers admired the secretary .	entailment
The scientist that admired the author recommended the artists .	The scientist admired the author .	entailment
The secretaries who the manager supported thanked the doctor .	The manager supported the secretaries .	entailment
The president admired the author that the scientist helped .	The scientist helped the author .	entailment
The student advised the doctors that the tourists supported .	The tourists supported the doctors .	entailment
The judge helped the lawyers who recommended the managers .	The lawyers recommended the managers .	entailment
The president that the athlete avoided contacted the secretary .	The athlete avoided the president .	entailment
The authors who contacted the lawyers thanked the banker .	The authors contacted the lawyers .	entailment
The manager contacted the professor who mentioned the tourist .	The professor mentioned the tourist .	entailment
The doctors who the actor admired supported the judges .	The actor admired the doctors .	entailment
The presidents encouraged the manager that introduced the doctors .	The manager introduced the doctors .	entailment
The senator who the artist saw stopped the tourist .	The artist saw the senator .	entailment
The students that contacted the tourist supported the senators .	The students contacted the tourist .	entailment
The student thanked the tourists that avoided the professor .	The tourists avoided the professor .	entailment
The doctor contacted the tourist who the students saw .	The students saw the tourist .	entailment
The judge that the student believed saw the author .	The student believed the judge .	entailment
The tourists encouraged the presidents that the professors stopped .	The professors stopped the presidents .	entailment
The manager recommended the author who thanked the artist .	The author thanked the artist .	entailment
The student who the authors believed called the secretary .	The authors believed the student .	entailment
The students who called the scientist mentioned the lawyers .	The students called the scientist .	entailment
The president called the athlete that stopped the managers .	The athlete stopped the managers .	entailment
The managers that called the students avoided the artists .	The managers called the students .	entailment
The manager who helped the lawyer recommended the professor .	The manager helped the lawyer .	entailment
The actors who the manager admired helped the judges .	The manager admired the actors .	entailment
The lawyers who saw the manager stopped the doctors .	The lawyers saw the manager .	entailment
The student saw the president that recommended the professors .	The president recommended the professors .	entailment
The student mentioned the judges that introduced the athletes .	The judges introduced the athletes .	entailment
The scientists helped the banker who the artist advised .	The artist advised the banker .	entailment
The secretary who encouraged the actor avoided the author .	The secretary encouraged the actor .	entailment
The lawyer that the presidents believed admired the students .	The presidents believed the lawyer .	entailment
The lawyer who advised the manager mentioned the senators .	The lawyer advised the manager .	entailment
The scientists advised the professor that the student admired .	The student admired the professor .	entailment
The senator helped the lawyer that encouraged the authors .	The lawyer encouraged the authors .	entailment
The managers contacted the senator that recognized the bankers .	The senator recognized the bankers .	entailment
The managers believed the authors who mentioned the athlete .	The authors mentioned the athlete .	entailment
The professors that called the students recognized the doctor .	The professors called the students .	entailment
The author supported the professors who saw the lawyer .	The professors saw the lawyer .	entailment
The presidents who the lawyers encouraged avoided the senators .	The lawyers encouraged the presidents .	entailment
The athletes that supported the judges called the presidents .	The athletes supported the judges .	entailment
The artist that mentioned the doctor advised the judge .	The artist mentioned the doctor .	entailment
The secretary that called the scientist admired the artist .	The secretary called the scientist .	entailment
The athletes contacted the doctor that the scientist called .	The scientist called the doctor .	entailment
The athlete helped the tourists that contacted the author .	The tourists contacted the author .	entailment
The students mentioned the author that advised the manager .	The author advised the manager .	entailment
The banker contacted the author who stopped the athlete .	The author stopped the athlete .	entailment
The banker introduced the managers that contacted the lawyer .	The managers contacted the lawyer .	entailment
The doctor helped the athletes that introduced the manager .	The athletes introduced the manager .	entailment
The professors that the managers avoided believed the tourist .	The managers avoided the professors .	entailment
The president avoided the senator who the artist helped .	The artist helped the senator .	entailment
The actor stopped the scientist that the doctor called .	The doctor called the scientist .	entailment
The lawyer stopped the managers who the student saw .	The student saw the managers .	entailment
The secretary who the banker avoided recognized the senator .	The banker avoided the secretary .	entailment
The artists recognized the actors who the president recommended .	The president recommended the actors .	entailment
The president that the judges admired mentioned the bankers .	The judges admired the president .	entailment
The banker that the lawyers contacted introduced the senator .	The lawyers contacted the banker .	entailment
The scientist saw the student that the tourists supported .	The tourists supported the student .	entailment
The authors believed the tourist who the students recognized .	The students recognized the tourist .	entailment
The secretaries who recognized the judges advised the doctors .	The secretaries recognized the judges .	entailment
The artist that believed the doctor supported the bankers .	The artist believed the doctor .	entailment
The senator that the doctors recommended encouraged the banker .	The doctors recommended the senator .	entailment
The authors who stopped the artist encouraged the lawyer .	The authors stopped the artist .	entailment
The judges recognized the author who admired the president .	The author admired the president .	entailment
The banker recommended the president that the professor contacted .	The professor contacted the president .	entailment
The authors that the actor avoided introduced the student .	The actor avoided the authors .	entailment
The students who introduced the tourists avoided the lawyers .	The students introduced the tourists .	entailment
The bankers contacted the senator who encouraged the lawyer .	The senator encouraged the lawyer .	entailment
The actor that recognized the professors admired the scientist .	The actor recognized the professors .	entailment
The actors who the author recognized mentioned the secretary .	The author recognized the actors .	entailment
The judges admired the secretary who the banker encouraged .	The banker encouraged the secretary .	entailment
The professors that the students admired advised the tourists .	The students admired the professors .	entailment
The president that encouraged the managers thanked the artists .	The president encouraged the managers .	entailment
The actors who believed the senator recognized the managers .	The actors believed the senator .	entailment
The bankers that the athletes introduced called the scientist .	The athletes introduced the bankers .	entailment
The author thanked the lawyer that saw the artist .	The lawyer saw the artist .	entailment
The actor that mentioned the scientist supported the manager .	The actor mentioned the scientist .	entailment
The lawyers that the managers recognized thanked the artist .	The managers recognized the lawyers .	entailment
The doctor thanked the author who called the president .	The author called the president .	entailment
The tourist that mentioned the secretaries recommended the judge .	The tourist mentioned the secretaries .	entailment
The athlete who the professors called believed the banker .	The professors called the athlete .	entailment
The authors admired the managers who the scientists saw .	The scientists saw the managers .	entailment
The artists thanked the scientists that the bankers called .	The bankers called the scientists .	entailment
The actors contacted the artists that the senator admired .	The senator admired the artists .	entailment
The professor who called the judges thanked the tourists .	The professor called the judges .	entailment
The actors believed the artist who recognized the judge .	The artist recognized the judge .	entailment
The artist called the doctor who admired the managers .	The doctor admired the managers .	entailment
The scientist saw the authors who recommended the secretary .	The authors recommended the secretary .	entailment
The authors contacted the doctor who the bankers helped .	The bankers helped the doctor .	entailment
The doctors introduced the professor who advised the authors .	The professor advised the authors .	entailment
The banker that the tourist recommended stopped the artist .	The tourist recommended the banker .	entailment
The author who the artists thanked supported the scientist .	The artists thanked the author .	entailment
The managers thanked the banker who the professors recognized .	The professors recognized the banker .	entailment
The professor encouraged the secretaries who the actor advised .	The actor advised the secretaries .	entailment
The lawyer that the professor introduced thanked the manager .	The professor introduced the lawyer .	entailment
The student recognized the actor that supported the bankers .	The actor supported the bankers .	entailment
The doctors that the students contacted supported the scientists .	The students contacted the doctors .	entailment
The secretary recommended the artist who helped the doctor .	The artist helped the doctor .	entailment
The bankers thanked the doctor that recognized the senator .	The doctor recognized the senator .	entailment
The bankers encouraged the tourists that the actors stopped .	The actors stopped the tourists .	entailment
The actor introduced the athlete who the artist recognized .	The artist recognized the athlete .	entailment
The judges helped the president that contacted the athlete .	The president contacted the athlete .	entailment
The tourists recognized the author that the students encouraged .	The students encouraged the author .	entailment
The artists saw the presidents who the professor believed .	The professor believed the presidents .	entailment
The professor stopped the judges that the artist mentioned .	The artist mentioned the judges .	entailment
The students stopped the judge who the actors recommended .	The actors recommended the judge .	entailment
The lawyer who avoided the senators encouraged the managers .	The lawyer avoided the senators .	entailment
The president advised the doctors that contacted the senator .	The doctors contacted the senator .	entailment
The secretaries that the authors introduced helped the president .	The authors introduced the secretaries .	entailment
The senators who recognized the president thanked the manager .	The senators recognized the president .	entailment
The professors avoided the authors who the secretaries introduced .	The secretaries introduced the authors .	entailment
The actor that encouraged the lawyer believed the professor .	The actor encouraged the lawyer .	entailment
The artist who the president avoided helped the secretaries .	The president avoided the artist .	entailment
The students who the lawyer encouraged called the actors .	The lawyer encouraged the students .	entailment
The secretaries supported the lawyers who the tourist recommended .	The tourist recommended the lawyers .	entailment
The students that the senator contacted called the manager .	The senator contacted the students .	entailment
The artist called the professors that stopped the lawyer .	The professors stopped the lawyer .	entailment
The doctors who the scientists encouraged contacted the bankers .	The scientists encouraged the doctors .	entailment
The secretary thanked the authors that the student stopped .	The student stopped the authors .	entailment
The president helped the artists that the judges recognized .	The judges recognized the artists .	entailment
The judge who the author mentioned admired the bankers .	The author mentioned the judge .	entailment
The author who the doctor helped contacted the president .	The doctor helped the author .	entailment
The managers that believed the doctor supported the presidents .	The managers believed the doctor .	entailment
The tourists that contacted the student helped the lawyer .	The tourists contacted the student .	entailment
The tourists who mentioned the professor helped the lawyer .	The tourists mentioned the professor .	entailment
The professor that admired the secretaries saw the artist .	The professor admired the secretaries .	entailment
The professor that the lawyer helped called the managers .	The lawyer helped the professor .	entailment
The professor avoided the judges that the artist introduced .	The artist introduced the judges .	entailment
The senators that called the manager avoided the doctor .	The senators called the manager .	entailment
The artists believed the students who the professors called .	The professors called the students .	entailment
The athlete saw the student that the tourist admired .	The tourist admired the student .	entailment
The secretaries called the presidents who the scientist encouraged .	The scientist encouraged the presidents .	entailment
The actor who the presidents stopped believed the athletes .	The presidents stopped the actor .	entailment
The doctors advised the professor who encouraged the artist .	The professor encouraged the artist .	entailment
The student saw the scientists that contacted the athletes .	The scientists contacted the athletes .	entailment
The secretary avoided the artists who the managers believed .	The managers believed the artists .	entailment
The presidents who the artist believed recognized the lawyers .	The artist believed the presidents .	entailment
The doctor believed the manager who saw the tourist .	The manager saw the tourist .	entailment
The president who thanked the artist recommended the athlete .	The president thanked the artist .	entailment
The judge that helped the actors recommended the managers .	The judge helped the actors .	entailment
The president encouraged the judge that the athletes avoided .	The athletes avoided the judge .	entailment
The tourist supported the authors that believed the secretary .	The authors believed the secretary .	entailment
The artists stopped the professors that believed the author .	The professors believed the author .	entailment
The student that recognized the bankers believed the athlete .	The student recognized the bankers .	entailment
The artists that encouraged the author advised the secretaries .	The artists encouraged the author .	entailment
The artist mentioned the author who the banker contacted .	The banker contacted the author .	entailment
The actors recommended the tourists who recognized the author .	The tourists recognized the author .	entailment
The tourists who the doctor recommended contacted the artist .	The doctor recommended the tourists .	entailment
The student introduced the judges who helped the president .	The judges helped the president .	entailment
The professors that admired the artist avoided the president .	The professors admired the artist .	entailment
The secretary that supported the president recommended the scientists .	The secretary supported the president .	entailment
The senators encouraged the manager who recognized the secretary .	The manager recognized the secretary .	entailment
The artists supported the actors who stopped the professors .	The actors stopped the professors .	entailment
The professors that introduced the actors mentioned the tourist .	The professors introduced the actors .	entailment
The bankers recognized the manager who thanked the secretaries .	The manager thanked the secretaries .	entailment
The lawyer who called the students stopped the actor .	The lawyer called the students .	entailment
The scientists that the judges thanked believed the lawyer .	The judges thanked the scientists .	entailment
The athlete thanked the authors who stopped the tourists .	The authors stopped the tourists .	entailment
The scientists saw the tourists that the professor recommended .	The professor recommended the tourists .	entailment
The athletes that the professors avoided called the artist .	The professors avoided the athletes .	entailment
The bankers stopped the professor that the senator believed .	The senator believed the professor .	entailment
The tourists introduced the author who the scientists contacted .	The scientists contacted the author .	entailment
The student that supported the presidents helped the lawyer .	The student supported the presidents .	entailment
The actors introduced the lawyers that recognized the tourists .	The lawyers recognized the tourists .	entailment
The athletes who the actors admired believed the author .	The actors admired the athletes .	entailment
The athletes saw the student that avoided the banker .	The student avoided the banker .	entailment
The professor that the author saw recognized the president .	The author saw the professor .	entailment
The lawyers who the president avoided advised the bankers .	The president avoided the lawyers .	entailment
The actor who admired the senator mentioned the tourist .	The actor admired the senator .	entailment
The judge that mentioned the manager recommended the tourist .	The judge mentioned the manager .	entailment
The judge advised the students that thanked the actors .	The students thanked the actors .	entailment
The manager encouraged the lawyer who recognized the secretary .	The lawyer recognized the secretary .	entailment
The lawyer recognized the banker who supported the authors .	The banker supported the authors .	entailment
The managers advised the professors that the tourist contacted .	The tourist contacted the professors .	entailment
The actor who the author admired recommended the professor .	The author admired the actor .	entailment
The president supported the artist who the scientists encouraged .	The scientists encouraged the artist .	entailment
The artists that the senator mentioned recognized the judge .	The senator mentioned the artists .	entailment
The secretaries that stopped the lawyers advised the manager .	The secretaries stopped the lawyers .	entailment
The judges called the president who admired the tourist .	The president admired the tourist .	entailment
The authors that the actors recognized stopped the professors .	The actors recognized the authors .	entailment
The professor that the presidents thanked believed the judges .	The presidents thanked the professor .	entailment
The professor who the athlete introduced stopped the tourists .	The athlete introduced the professor .	entailment
The student thanked the bankers who the artist admired .	The artist admired the bankers .	entailment
The scientist recommended the tourists that stopped the lawyers .	The tourists stopped the lawyers .	entailment
The lawyer advised the scientist that contacted the manager .	The scientist contacted the manager .	entailment
The manager saw the tourist who believed the authors .	The tourist believed the authors .	entailment
The judges encouraged the athletes who the actor introduced .	The actor introduced the athletes .	entailment
The professor that the secretary advised encouraged the scientist .	The secretary advised the professor .	entailment
The bankers supported the lawyers who saw the president .	The lawyers saw the president .	entailment
The tourists that the artist saw recommended the actor .	The artist saw the tourists .	entailment
The actors that the scientists advised admired the authors .	The scientists advised the actors .	entailment
The judge advised the bankers who stopped the professors .	The bankers stopped the professors .	entailment
The artists believed the tourist who the presidents introduced .	The presidents introduced the tourist .	entailment
The student who supported the artists helped the senators .	The student supported the artists .	entailment
The tourists who thanked the presidents recommended the manager .	The tourists thanked the presidents .	entailment
The bankers contacted the student who recommended the athlete .	The student recommended the athlete .	entailment
The author who the lawyers called contacted the senator .	The lawyers called the author .	entailment
The presidents who the students encouraged thanked the doctors .	The students encouraged the presidents .	entailment
The authors that called the professor believed the secretary .	The authors called the professor .	entailment
The athletes who the lawyer contacted thanked the author .	The lawyer contacted the athletes .	entailment
The president that the student recommended helped the lawyers .	The student recommended the president .	entailment
The tourists that encouraged the scientists saw the authors .	The tourists encouraged the scientists .	entailment
The senators that the author saw helped the tourists .	The author saw the senators .	entailment
The managers that encouraged the doctors recognized the banker .	The managers encouraged the doctors .	entailment
The secretaries saw the athletes who the students helped .	The students helped the athletes .	entailment
The judge called the manager that admired the doctor .	The manager admired the doctor .	entailment
The senators called the manager who the tourist thanked .	The tourist thanked the manager .	entailment
The presidents called the managers that the tourist introduced .	The tourist introduced the managers .	entailment
The professors advised the author that the lawyer encouraged .	The lawyer encouraged the author .	entailment
The artist introduced the scientists who the president stopped .	The president stopped the scientists .	entailment
The lawyers advised the student that recommended the doctors .	The student recommended the doctors .	entailment
The authors who the secretaries advised admired the managers .	The secretaries advised the authors .	entailment
The banker that encouraged the secretary saw the tourists .	The banker encouraged the secretary .	entailment
The secretaries supported the scientists who the professor advised .	The professor advised the scientists .	entailment
The managers that thanked the scientist recognized the athletes .	The managers thanked the scientist .	entailment
The senators who thanked the authors helped the student .	The senators thanked the authors .	entailment
The presidents admired the artists who thanked the students .	The artists thanked the students .	entailment
The secretaries that the student admired encouraged the president .	The student admired the secretaries .	entailment
The athletes who the tourists believed recognized the professor .	The tourists believed the athletes .	entailment
The athletes that avoided the students introduced the doctor .	The athletes avoided the students .	entailment
The artists recommended the secretaries who avoided the scientists .	The secretaries avoided the scientists .	entailment
The senator called the athlete who the president supported .	The president supported the athlete .	entailment
The authors believed the tourists that avoided the lawyers .	The tourists avoided the lawyers .	entailment
The professor that avoided the scientist saw the actor .	The professor avoided the scientist .	entailment
The presidents that the athlete avoided saw the senator .	The athlete avoided the presidents .	entailment
The actors saw the artist who encouraged the athlete .	The artist encouraged the athlete .	entailment
The bankers believed the tourist that stopped the manager .	The tourist stopped the manager .	entailment
The doctors that helped the president stopped the lawyers .	The doctors helped the president .	entailment
The athletes who helped the artists admired the actors .	The athletes helped the artists .	entailment
The student who the professors stopped recognized the president .	The professors stopped the student .	entailment
The senators that mentioned the actors admired the doctor .	The senators mentioned the actors .	entailment
The athlete stopped the senator who the students contacted .	The students contacted the senator .	entailment
The senators contacted the athletes who admired the lawyer .	The athletes admired the lawyer .	entailment
The artist that the athlete admired supported the manager .	The athlete admired the artist .	entailment
The tourist that supported the students saw the banker .	The tourist supported the students .	entailment
The artist recognized the actors that the author admired .	The author admired the actors .	entailment
The professors that admired the artist mentioned the actor .	The professors admired the artist .	entailment
The actors stopped the manager that the lawyers believed .	The lawyers believed the manager .	entailment
The judge that the professor supported helped the senators .	The professor supported the judge .	entailment
The students recognized the judges that admired the athlete .	The judges admired the athlete .	entailment
The bankers encouraged the artists that the author supported .	The author supported the artists .	entailment
The judge believed the lawyers that introduced the doctors .	The lawyers introduced the doctors .	entailment
The professors saw the students who mentioned the actors .	The students mentioned the actors .	entailment
The secretary helped the doctors who the scientists stopped .	The scientists stopped the doctors .	entailment
The tourists contacted the actors who the judge called .	The judge called the actors .	entailment
The athlete that the scientist encouraged introduced the lawyers .	The scientist encouraged the athlete .	entailment
The athletes introduced the banker that the scientists supported .	The scientists supported the banker .	entailment
The presidents who the professor admired believed the scientist .	The professor admired the presidents .	entailment
The doctor that the actors believed admired the lawyer .	The actors believed the doctor .	entailment
The athlete who saw the professors recognized the manager .	The athlete saw the professors .	entailment
The senator who the athletes avoided believed the student .	The athletes avoided the senator .	entailment
The senators who saw the professor avoided the athlete .	The senators saw the professor .	entailment
The doctor who the senator helped recommended the students .	The senator helped the doctor .	entailment
The manager called the senators that thanked the judge .	The senators thanked the judge .	entailment
The author that the athlete believed called the doctors .	The athlete believed the author .	entailment
The students helped the scientists who the author supported .	The author supported the scientists .	entailment
The authors that the presidents avoided believed the judge .	The presidents avoided the authors .	entailment
The scientist that recognized the senators called the managers .	The scientist recognized the senators .	entailment
The doctor contacted the professor who encouraged the judges .	The professor encouraged the judges .	entailment
The tourists called the actors who recommended the athletes .	The actors recommended the athletes .	entailment
The athletes who the manager avoided thanked the senator .	The manager avoided the athletes .	entailment
The secretaries thanked the students that the doctors helped .	The doctors helped the students .	entailment
The lawyer who the presidents believed thanked the actors .	The presidents believed the lawyer .	entailment
The artist thanked the actors that the presidents contacted .	The presidents contacted the actors .	entailment
The scientists helped the judge that encouraged the presidents .	The judge encouraged the presidents .	entailment
The professors saw the doctor that recommended the student .	The doctor recommended the student .	entailment
The doctor contacted the athlete that mentioned the managers .	The athlete mentioned the managers .	entailment
The presidents that the scientists admired mentioned the judges .	The scientists admired the presidents .	entailment
The managers who helped the artist contacted the tourists .	The managers helped the artist .	entailment
The managers saw the lawyers that the president called .	The president called the lawyers .	entailment
The athletes that recommended the actor helped the students .	The athletes recommended the actor .	entailment
The secretaries that advised the scientist recommended the judge .	The secretaries advised the scientist .	entailment
The authors who the scientist avoided recommended the banker .	The scientist avoided the authors .	entailment
The scientists recommended the manager that introduced the lawyer .	The manager introduced the lawyer .	entailment
The senators admired the secretaries who the scientists introduced .	The scientists introduced the secretaries .	entailment
The tourists that the athletes stopped believed the artist .	The athletes stopped the tourists .	entailment
The lawyers that advised the tourist helped the doctor .	The lawyers advised the tourist .	entailment
The students believed the president who avoided the actor .	The president avoided the actor .	entailment
The manager advised the judges that recognized the senators .	The judges recognized the senators .	entailment
The athletes who the secretary stopped thanked the author .	The secretary stopped the athletes .	entailment
The professors called the bankers that supported the artist .	The bankers supported the artist .	entailment
The president thanked the senator that recognized the author .	The senator recognized the author .	entailment
The professors who the presidents encouraged helped the scientists .	The presidents encouraged the professors .	entailment
The judges mentioned the artists who thanked the presidents .	The artists thanked the presidents .	entailment
The student who the athlete helped believed the artist .	The athlete helped the student .	entailment
The athletes called the scientists that the doctors encouraged .	The doctors encouraged the scientists .	entailment
The secretaries contacted the tourist that admired the president .	The tourist admired the president .	entailment
The actors who the tourists advised recommended the judges .	The tourists advised the actors .	entailment
The actors called the bankers that thanked the secretary .	The bankers thanked the secretary .	entailment
The senator who helped the lawyer thanked the tourist .	The senator helped the lawyer .	entailment
The doctors who introduced the athlete recognized the student .	The doctors introduced the athlete .	entailment
The actor that the lawyer advised contacted the secretaries .	The lawyer advised the actor .	entailment
The secretaries who the professor avoided contacted the bankers .	The professor avoided the secretaries .	entailment
The athletes who the judge saw recognized the professor .	The judge saw the athletes .	entailment
The senator who encouraged the students recognized the judge .	The senator encouraged the students .	entailment
The doctor believed the actors that the authors thanked .	The authors thanked the actors .	entailment
The actors that the lawyer avoided recognized the authors .	The lawyer avoided the actors .	entailment
The doctor that the banker supported introduced the scientists .	The banker supported the doctor .	entailment
The banker introduced the authors that encouraged the managers .	The authors encouraged the managers .	entailment
The actor thanked the professors who admired the author .	The professors admired the author .	entailment
The judge who the banker supported mentioned the artist .	The banker supported the judge .	entailment
The authors that believed the athlete thanked the bankers .	The authors believed the athlete .	entailment
The lawyers encouraged the author who the managers avoided .	The managers avoided the author .	entailment
The secretaries recommended the athlete who contacted the actor .	The athlete contacted the actor .	entailment
The presidents that believed the tourists admired the professor .	The presidents believed the tourists .	entailment
The lawyers recognized the doctors that the professors admired .	The professors admired the doctors .	entailment
The managers helped the student that the secretary avoided .	The secretary avoided the student .	entailment
The presidents who the author thanked advised the scientist .	The author thanked the presidents .	entailment
The scientists advised the students that the banker contacted .	The banker contacted the students .	entailment
The senator that the secretary advised called the managers .	The secretary advised the senator .	entailment
The presidents recognized the banker that encouraged the tourists .	The banker encouraged the tourists .	entailment
The doctors that supported the athletes mentioned the secretaries .	The doctors supported the athletes .	entailment
The presidents stopped the tourist who believed the actors .	The tourist believed the actors .	entailment
The bankers who the presidents saw contacted the artists .	The presidents saw the bankers .	entailment
The actors avoided the senators that the president believed .	The president believed the senators .	entailment
The president recommended the tourists who the athletes called .	The athletes called the tourists .	entailment
The presidents mentioned the judges who the actors called .	The actors called the judges .	entailment
The secretary that recognized the scientist helped the professor .	The secretary recognized the scientist .	entailment
The doctor stopped the actor that encouraged the artist .	The actor encouraged the artist .	entailment
The bankers who thanked the athlete admired the secretaries .	The bankers thanked the athlete .	entailment
The senators that the president recommended admired the athletes .	The president recommended the senators .	entailment
The tourists who the banker mentioned stopped the scientists .	The banker mentioned the tourists .	entailment
The professors that called the authors thanked the manager .	The professors called the authors .	entailment
The student that thanked the banker supported the professor .	The student thanked the banker .	entailment
The presidents who believed the manager called the actor .	The presidents believed the manager .	entailment
The authors admired the president that the banker recognized .	The banker recognized the president .	entailment
The artists stopped the senator that the managers thanked .	The managers thanked the senator .	entailment
The tourists thanked the secretary who the authors advised .	The authors advised the secretary .	entailment
The judges advised the president that recommended the managers .	The president recommended the managers .	entailment
The managers introduced the banker that the actor mentioned .	The actor mentioned the banker .	entailment
The senators supported the judge who contacted the tourist .	The judge contacted the tourist .	entailment
The artists helped the athlete who the manager encouraged .	The manager encouraged the athlete .	entailment
The senators believed the artist who the judges thanked .	The judges thanked the artist .	entailment
The lawyer who the doctors called advised the professors .	The doctors called the lawyer .	entailment
The lawyers who introduced the tourists stopped the professors .	The lawyers introduced the tourists .	entailment
The presidents encouraged the actors who the judge called .	The judge called the actors .	entailment
The banker introduced the manager who helped the secretaries .	The manager helped the secretaries .	entailment
The lawyers contacted the president who thanked the author .	The president thanked the author .	entailment
The artist helped the student who thanked the secretaries .	The student thanked the secretaries .	entailment
The scientists that believed the actor encouraged the manager .	The scientists believed the actor .	entailment
The tourists admired the athlete that the author called .	The author called the athlete .	entailment
The tourists who introduced the banker recommended the president .	The tourists introduced the banker .	entailment
The senator stopped the actor who the scientist admired .	The scientist admired the actor .	entailment
The doctor who the authors stopped mentioned the artist .	The authors stopped the doctor .	entailment
The secretary who the manager recommended mentioned the athlete .	The manager recommended the secretary .	entailment
The tourist who thanked the athlete advised the actor .	The tourist thanked the athlete .	entailment
The judges that avoided the senators recommended the bankers .	The judges avoided the senators .	entailment
The senators admired the doctor who helped the tourist .	The doctor helped the tourist .	entailment
The presidents who the students contacted admired the secretaries .	The students contacted the presidents .	entailment
The artist who introduced the student avoided the secretary .	The artist introduced the student .	entailment
The athletes that contacted the authors avoided the scientist .	The athletes contacted the authors .	entailment
The scientists who the presidents stopped thanked the judge .	The presidents stopped the scientists .	entailment
The students stopped the bankers who the manager recognized .	The manager recognized the bankers .	entailment
The tourist who introduced the bankers encouraged the presidents .	The tourist introduced the bankers .	entailment
The scientists who advised the doctors mentioned the tourist .	The scientists advised the doctors .	entailment
The judges helped the president that saw the doctors .	The president saw the doctors .	entailment
The tourist who the banker contacted called the lawyers .	The banker contacted the tourist .	entailment
The manager that stopped the artist believed the president .	The manager stopped the artist .	entailment
The manager avoided the senator that the tourist believed .	The tourist believed the senator .	entailment
The judge recommended the bankers that the tourist avoided .	The tourist avoided the bankers .	entailment
The tourists that helped the senator recognized the scientists .	The tourists helped the senator .	entailment
The judge introduced the secretary that the athletes recognized .	The athletes recognized the secretary .	entailment
The secretary who supported the senator recognized the scientist .	The secretary supported the senator .	entailment
The artists who the banker called believed the secretary .	The banker called the artists .	entailment
The student that encouraged the judges thanked the authors .	The student encouraged the judges .	entailment
The scientists introduced the professor who the secretaries called .	The secretaries called the professor .	entailment
The artist recommended the senators that the president stopped .	The president stopped the senators .	entailment
The managers advised the authors that the secretary called .	The secretary called the authors .	entailment
The manager thanked the athletes who encouraged the tourists .	The athletes encouraged the tourists .	entailment
The presidents avoided the artists who stopped the banker .	The artists stopped the banker .	entailment
The secretaries recommended the artist who avoided the author .	The artist avoided the author .	entailment
The scientist advised the professors that introduced the students .	The professors introduced the students .	entailment
The author contacted the judges who recognized the presidents .	The judges recognized the presidents .	entailment
The authors introduced the secretary that mentioned the banker .	The secretary mentioned the banker .	entailment
The author that introduced the doctor mentioned the students .	The author introduced the doctor .	entailment
The actor that the artist believed avoided the lawyers .	The artist believed the actor .	entailment
The author believed the manager who the tourists helped .	The tourists helped the manager .	entailment
The manager believed the senators that the students contacted .	The students contacted the senators .	entailment
The scientist recommended the secretary who the bankers thanked .	The bankers thanked the secretary .	entailment
The president that the artists recognized contacted the senators .	The artists recognized the president .	entailment
The doctor that the lawyer avoided admired the bankers .	The lawyer avoided the doctor .	entailment
The actors that saw the senator admired the athlete .	The actors saw the senator .	entailment
The tourists who the student recommended recognized the scientist .	The student recommended the tourists .	entailment
The scientist who the senator admired helped the professor .	The senator admired the scientist .	entailment
The artists who the presidents introduced believed the tourist .	The presidents introduced the artists .	entailment
The senator contacted the tourists that thanked the banker .	The tourists thanked the banker .	entailment
The athlete encouraged the lawyers who admired the professor .	The lawyers admired the professor .	entailment
The lawyer called the banker that supported the artists .	The banker supported the artists .	entailment
The actor thanked the athlete that the managers recognized .	The managers recognized the athlete .	entailment
The secretary introduced the scientists that thanked the athlete .	The scientists thanked the athlete .	entailment
The presidents contacted the author that the managers stopped .	The managers stopped the author .	entailment
The tourists who the senator thanked stopped the president .	The senator thanked the tourists .	entailment
The scientists contacted the author who the presidents called .	The presidents called the author .	entailment
The actor who the professor thanked helped the tourists .	The professor thanked the actor .	entailment
The artist mentioned the students that recognized the scientists .	The students recognized the scientists .	entailment
The lawyer thanked the authors who the professors advised .	The professors advised the authors .	entailment
The professors admired the actor that thanked the tourists .	The actor thanked the tourists .	entailment
The students recommended the author that the doctors introduced .	The doctors introduced the author .	entailment
The bankers who called the students believed the secretaries .	The bankers called the students .	entailment
The lawyers recommended the artist who mentioned the bankers .	The artist mentioned the bankers .	entailment
The scientist who mentioned the author avoided the athlete .	The scientist mentioned the author .	entailment
The professors called the judges who the artists recommended .	The artists recommended the judges .	entailment
The lawyer that the actor thanked mentioned the authors .	The actor thanked the lawyer .	entailment
The tourists helped the judge that admired the professor .	The judge admired the professor .	entailment
The secretaries recommended the professors that the author mentioned .	The author mentioned the professors .	entailment
The tourist that the actors recommended admired the scientists .	The actors recommended the tourist .	entailment
The scientists thanked the lawyer that helped the judges .	The lawyer helped the judges .	entailment
The senators recognized the judges that admired the athletes .	The judges admired the athletes .	entailment
The manager that saw the students helped the tourist .	The manager saw the students .	entailment
The senators called the president who advised the secretaries .	The president advised the secretaries .	entailment
The managers that mentioned the bankers helped the scientists .	The managers mentioned the bankers .	entailment
The senators who the presidents admired stopped the artists .	The presidents admired the senators .	entailment
The actors who thanked the professors encouraged the scientists .	The actors thanked the professors .	entailment
The lawyer admired the professors who recognized the scientist .	The professors recognized the scientist .	entailment
The students admired the presidents who introduced the bankers .	The presidents introduced the bankers .	entailment
The bankers that mentioned the lawyers recognized the artists .	The bankers mentioned the lawyers .	entailment
The authors that the athlete called believed the secretary .	The athlete called the authors .	entailment
The judges believed the senator that recognized the doctors .	The senator recognized the doctors .	entailment
The presidents called the doctor that admired the lawyer .	The doctor admired the lawyer .	entailment
The actors encouraged the senators who advised the scientist .	The senators advised the scientist .	entailment
The artist who the banker advised helped the doctors .	The banker advised the artist .	entailment
The scientist contacted the tourists that stopped the senators .	The tourists stopped the senators .	entailment
The artists who the secretary advised encouraged the authors .	The secretary advised the artists .	entailment
The secretaries that stopped the doctors recommended the professor .	The secretaries stopped the doctors .	entailment
The artist that the presidents recommended avoided the banker .	The presidents recommended the artist .	entailment
The scientists recommended the banker who the senators helped .	The senators helped the banker .	entailment
The judge thanked the tourist that saw the scientist .	The tourist saw the scientist .	entailment
The president believed the tourist that the judges stopped .	The judges stopped the tourist .	entailment
The professor thanked the doctors that the scientist avoided .	The scientist avoided the doctors .	entailment
The banker believed the presidents that the tourist saw .	The tourist saw the presidents .	entailment
The professor contacted the students who the authors recommended .	The authors recommended the students .	entailment
The tourists supported the lawyer who the doctors advised .	The doctors advised the lawyer .	entailment
The president saw the senator who the tourist supported .	The tourist supported the senator .	entailment
The artist recommended the student that thanked the authors .	The student thanked the authors .	entailment
The students contacted the secretary that thanked the senators .	The secretary thanked the senators .	entailment
The actors who the professor believed advised the banker .	The professor believed the actors .	entailment
The artist who the banker stopped advised the scientists .	The banker stopped the artist .	entailment
The banker that called the professors supported the secretary .	The banker called the professors .	entailment
The professors recognized the authors that introduced the senator .	The authors introduced the senator .	entailment
The lawyers who the judge encouraged called the manager .	The judge encouraged the lawyers .	entailment
The lawyers encouraged the scientists who the actors mentioned .	The actors mentioned the scientists .	entailment
The professor who the banker stopped saw the student .	The banker stopped the professor .	entailment
The president who the senator believed encouraged the banker .	The senator believed the president .	entailment
The tourists thanked the judge who recognized the senators .	The judge recognized the senators .	entailment
The professor supported the secretaries who stopped the authors .	The secretaries stopped the authors .	entailment
The judges advised the president who helped the professor .	The president helped the professor .	entailment
The students supported the senator that the bankers contacted .	The bankers contacted the senator .	entailment
The artist who encouraged the athlete mentioned the professor .	The artist encouraged the athlete .	entailment
The secretary saw the professor that avoided the artist .	The professor avoided the artist .	entailment
The student who mentioned the bankers stopped the artist .	The student mentioned the bankers .	entailment
The presidents who the judges recommended called the artists .	The judges recommended the presidents .	entailment
The senators called the authors who the president supported .	The president supported the authors .	entailment
The actors that the tourist advised believed the lawyer .	The tourist advised the actors .	entailment
The manager stopped the author that recommended the judge .	The author recommended the judge .	entailment
The doctors who encouraged the professors thanked the students .	The doctors encouraged the professors .	entailment
The secretaries mentioned the athletes who helped the senators .	The athletes helped the senators .	entailment
The senator recommended the athlete that introduced the bankers .	The athlete introduced the bankers .	entailment
The secretaries who contacted the lawyer recognized the doctors .	The secretaries contacted the lawyer .	entailment
The senators that the artist avoided admired the doctors .	The artist avoided the senators .	entailment
The presidents thanked the doctor who contacted the tourists .	The doctor contacted the tourists .	entailment
The president advised the judges who the artists contacted .	The artists contacted the judges .	entailment
The manager believed the athletes that the doctor admired .	The doctor admired the athletes .	entailment
The secretary that the lawyers contacted called the manager .	The lawyers contacted the secretary .	entailment
The authors who the doctor called stopped the secretaries .	The doctor called the authors .	entailment
The judge who the doctors supported mentioned the professors .	The doctors supported the judge .	entailment
The artists that called the doctors recommended the professor .	The artists called the doctors .	entailment
The banker supported the athletes that the senators admired .	The senators admired the athletes .	entailment
The scientists called the bankers who saw the doctors .	The bankers saw the doctors .	entailment
The doctors stopped the student who recognized the artist .	The student recognized the artist .	entailment
The judge recognized the bankers that the professor introduced .	The professor introduced the bankers .	entailment
The student who advised the judge believed the tourist .	The student advised the judge .	entailment
The presidents who the judge contacted saw the scientists .	The judge contacted the presidents .	entailment
The secretary that called the professors avoided the lawyers .	The secretary called the professors .	entailment
The authors stopped the judge who the actors believed .	The actors believed the judge .	entailment
The senator who the artist thanked recognized the secretaries .	The artist thanked the senator .	entailment
The president that advised the artist stopped the doctor .	The president advised the artist .	entailment
The tourists recommended the scientist that the actor admired .	The actor admired the scientist .	entailment
The president introduced the athletes who the managers recommended .	The managers recommended the athletes .	entailment
The professor thanked the tourist who the secretary introduced .	The secretary introduced the tourist .	entailment
The author believed the doctor who the lawyer stopped .	The lawyer stopped the doctor .	entailment
The judges who called the lawyer contacted the managers .	The judges called the lawyer .	entailment
The artist who the professor admired introduced the tourist .	The professor admired the artist .	entailment
The artist stopped the author who the senators recognized .	The senators recognized the author .	entailment
The secretary introduced the bankers that recommended the managers .	The bankers recommended the managers .	entailment
The managers that the banker avoided recommended the author .	The banker avoided the managers .	entailment
The athlete who the scientist contacted thanked the secretary .	The scientist contacted the athlete .	entailment
The presidents who the senators recognized called the artists .	The senators recognized the presidents .	entailment
The banker who helped the actor stopped the secretaries .	The banker helped the actor .	entailment
The actors that the athletes encouraged saw the tourist .	The athletes encouraged the actors .	entailment
The actors that the scientist mentioned admired the athletes .	The scientist mentioned the actors .	entailment
The actor encouraged the artists that the professor believed .	The professor believed the artists .	entailment
The athlete that the judges mentioned admired the actors .	The judges mentioned the athlete .	entailment
The tourists who the doctors called recommended the judge .	The doctors called the tourists .	entailment
The professor that the lawyer helped recognized the scientist .	The lawyer helped the professor .	entailment
The doctor who the athletes saw encouraged the manager .	The athletes saw the doctor .	entailment
The doctor that the lawyer supported believed the scientist .	The lawyer supported the doctor .	entailment
The senator admired the managers who thanked the authors .	The managers thanked the authors .	entailment
The doctor believed the managers who the senators helped .	The senators helped the managers .	entailment
The students who introduced the professor believed the manager .	The students introduced the professor .	entailment
The artist who thanked the judges encouraged the student .	The artist thanked the judges .	entailment
The judge who the athletes helped encouraged the bankers .	The athletes helped the judge .	entailment
The doctor saw the presidents that stopped the artists .	The presidents stopped the artists .	entailment
The tourists recognized the athletes that the lawyer stopped .	The lawyer stopped the athletes .	entailment
The judge admired the professors who contacted the banker .	The professors contacted the banker .	entailment
The tourists mentioned the actor who the secretary avoided .	The secretary avoided the actor .	entailment
The secretary admired the actor that believed the tourists .	The actor believed the tourists .	entailment
The authors that the banker advised believed the senators .	The banker advised the authors .	entailment
The judge who admired the senator recommended the artists .	The judge admired the senator .	entailment
The artist that the students introduced advised the athletes .	The students introduced the artist .	entailment
The tourists mentioned the doctor that the artists thanked .	The artists thanked the doctor .	entailment
The doctor avoided the judge who advised the scientist .	The judge advised the scientist .	entailment
The student introduced the athletes who the actor admired .	The actor admired the athletes .	entailment
The senators who the secretaries recommended recognized the president .	The secretaries recommended the senators .	entailment
The scientists who the judges saw avoided the artists .	The judges saw the scientists .	entailment
The senator who recommended the president contacted the students .	The senator recommended the president .	entailment
The lawyer who advised the actors encouraged the senators .	The lawyer advised the actors .	entailment
The bankers mentioned the artist that introduced the lawyer .	The artist introduced the lawyer .	entailment
The lawyers that called the actor stopped the senators .	The lawyers called the actor .	entailment
The presidents who the manager avoided saw the doctors .	The manager avoided the presidents .	entailment
The secretary that the manager called stopped the student .	The manager called the secretary .	entailment
The artist contacted the professor that the judge encouraged .	The judge encouraged the professor .	entailment
The president thanked the judge who supported the author .	The judge supported the author .	entailment
The senator who the doctor stopped contacted the actor .	The doctor stopped the senator .	entailment
The tourist contacted the president that advised the scientists .	The president advised the scientists .	entailment
The students that encouraged the president helped the artists .	The students encouraged the president .	entailment
The senators called the banker who saw the doctor .	The banker saw the doctor .	entailment
The actor believed the doctors that the tourists admired .	The tourists admired the doctors .	entailment
The scientist who the student introduced encouraged the judges .	The student introduced the scientist .	entailment
The students advised the authors who stopped the doctors .	The authors stopped the doctors .	entailment
The author that the bankers advised recognized the secretaries .	The bankers advised the author .	entailment
The tourists who the professors admired mentioned the banker .	The professors admired the tourists .	entailment
The president advised the professor who the tourists encouraged .	The tourists encouraged the professor .	entailment
The athletes encouraged the secretary who helped the bankers .	The secretary helped the bankers .	entailment
The president advised the secretary that recommended the lawyers .	The secretary recommended the lawyers .	entailment
The presidents who the scientists supported introduced the students .	The scientists supported the presidents .	entailment
The judge contacted the student who the artist helped .	The artist helped the student .	entailment
The actors thanked the student that saw the professors .	The student saw the professors .	entailment
The student called the actor that saw the judge .	The actor saw the judge .	entailment
The doctor believed the students that recognized the artists .	The students recognized the artists .	entailment
The athletes that the student recommended avoided the authors .	The student recommended the athletes .	entailment
The judge that the athlete believed mentioned the professors .	The athlete believed the judge .	entailment
The secretary admired the tourists who the artists avoided .	The artists avoided the tourists .	entailment
The tourist who recognized the students mentioned the judge .	The tourist recognized the students .	entailment
The artists avoided the tourists that the doctors saw .	The doctors saw the tourists .	entailment
The secretaries that the student contacted avoided the manager .	The student contacted the secretaries .	entailment
The authors believed the senator who the judge mentioned .	The judge mentioned the senator .	entailment
The secretaries who called the professor encouraged the president .	The secretaries called the professor .	entailment
The lawyers saw the judge who the professors encouraged .	The professors encouraged the judge .	entailment
The secretary thanked the athletes who the professor contacted .	The professor contacted the athletes .	entailment
The students who mentioned the tourist thanked the actors .	The students mentioned the tourist .	entailment
The doctors that the students introduced helped the scientists .	The students introduced the doctors .	entailment
The professor thanked the bankers that the artist introduced .	The artist introduced the bankers .	entailment
The senators supported the professor that stopped the presidents .	The professor stopped the presidents .	entailment
The professor thanked the bankers that recommended the actor .	The bankers recommended the actor .	entailment
The manager that the author introduced helped the actors .	The author introduced the manager .	entailment
The tourist that mentioned the senator stopped the professor .	The tourist mentioned the senator .	entailment
The tourists recognized the artist that the authors stopped .	The authors stopped the artist .	entailment
The lawyer recognized the senators who contacted the judge .	The senators contacted the judge .	entailment
The judges who introduced the students avoided the secretary .	The judges introduced the students .	entailment
The author recognized the athlete that the senators mentioned .	The senators mentioned the athlete .	entailment
The athlete that advised the judge recognized the senators .	The athlete advised the judge .	entailment
The president who the secretary admired mentioned the senator .	The secretary admired the president .	entailment
The authors that admired the actor recommended the athletes .	The authors admired the actor .	entailment
The bankers thanked the senators who contacted the student .	The senators contacted the student .	entailment
The tourists who called the authors recognized the athlete .	The tourists called the authors .	entailment
The scientists encouraged the judge who supported the students .	The judge supported the students .	entailment
The scientists advised the doctor who the tourist helped .	The tourist helped the doctor .	entailment
The manager advised the senator that the bankers mentioned .	The bankers mentioned the senator .	entailment
The manager recognized the secretary who the judges helped .	The judges helped the secretary .	entailment
The doctor that the artists believed recognized the secretaries .	The artists believed the doctor .	entailment
The students believed the bankers who the senators encouraged .	The senators encouraged the bankers .	entailment
The actors recommended the artist who mentioned the judge .	The artist mentioned the judge .	entailment
The artists who the secretary supported avoided the tourists .	The secretary supported the artists .	entailment
The student that encouraged the judge saw the presidents .	The student encouraged the judge .	entailment
The doctor recommended the scientists that thanked the actors .	The scientists thanked the actors .	entailment
The tourists that the secretaries stopped introduced the author .	The secretaries stopped the tourists .	entailment
The authors that the scientists thanked encouraged the banker .	The scientists thanked the authors .	entailment
The tourist admired the actors that the managers introduced .	The managers introduced the actors .	entailment
The doctor that believed the secretaries thanked the lawyer .	The doctor believed the secretaries .	entailment
The tourist who the judges called avoided the scientist .	The judges called the tourist .	entailment
The athletes that contacted the tourist called the senator .	The athletes contacted the tourist .	entailment
The lawyers who the actor called recommended the judges .	The actor called the lawyers .	entailment
The scientist contacted the professor who believed the athletes .	The professor believed the athletes .	entailment
The banker that mentioned the lawyers avoided the senators .	The banker mentioned the lawyers .	entailment
The president that the tourists called recognized the actor .	The tourists called the president .	entailment
The managers that the student introduced recognized the lawyers .	The student introduced the managers .	entailment
The secretary that thanked the students recommended the scientist .	The secretary thanked the students .	entailment
The actor that admired the artist called the student .	The actor admired the artist .	entailment
The bankers helped the doctors who mentioned the manager .	The doctors mentioned the manager .	entailment
The students recommended the professors that the secretary contacted .	The secretary contacted the professors .	entailment
The professors helped the tourists who the president contacted .	The president contacted the tourists .	entailment
The athlete who contacted the artists introduced the student .	The athlete contacted the artists .	entailment
The scientists mentioned the senator that the lawyers saw .	The lawyers saw the senator .	entailment
The authors that helped the judge advised the artist .	The authors helped the judge .	entailment
The judges admired the author that advised the manager .	The author advised the manager .	entailment
The managers who believed the authors helped the doctors .	The managers believed the authors .	entailment
The presidents that the secretaries called mentioned the athletes .	The secretaries called the presidents .	entailment
The doctor who contacted the presidents recognized the senators .	The doctor contacted the presidents .	entailment
The bankers believed the lawyers that contacted the authors .	The lawyers contacted the authors .	entailment
The banker recognized the scientists that the doctors recommended .	The doctors recommended the scientists .	entailment
The senators called the lawyers who admired the athletes .	The lawyers admired the athletes .	entailment
The managers saw the artist that the athletes admired .	The athletes admired the artist .	entailment
The senators who encouraged the artists admired the actors .	The senators encouraged the artists .	entailment
The authors stopped the student that advised the athlete .	The student advised the athlete .	entailment
The students recommended the presidents that the managers encouraged .	The managers encouraged the presidents .	entailment
The students that the tourists called stopped the scientist .	The tourists called the students .	entailment
The president advised the artists who the actors admired .	The actors admired the artists .	entailment
The senators that the manager advised believed the actors .	The manager advised the senators .	entailment
The artists helped the actors who the president thanked .	The president thanked the actors .	entailment
The doctors who the artist helped introduced the student .	The artist helped the doctors .	entailment
The tourist advised the senator that the author contacted .	The author contacted the senator .	entailment
The secretaries advised the actor that recognized the judge .	The actor recognized the judge .	entailment
The athletes that called the student saw the doctor .	The athletes called the student .	entailment
The president advised the senators that the authors stopped .	The authors stopped the senators .	entailment
The author believed the artist who recommended the actors .	The artist recommended the actors .	entailment
The scientist that the professors mentioned encouraged the secretaries .	The professors mentioned the scientist .	entailment
The lawyer called the tourist who the doctor encouraged .	The doctor encouraged the tourist .	entailment
The actors encouraged the secretary that avoided the presidents .	The secretary avoided the presidents .	entailment
The artists helped the author that the managers stopped .	The managers stopped the author .	entailment
The banker that saw the scientist advised the lawyers .	The banker saw the scientist .	entailment
The actors introduced the tourists who helped the secretary .	The tourists helped the secretary .	entailment
The managers saw the presidents who the athletes introduced .	The athletes introduced the presidents .	entailment
The students avoided the secretaries who the athletes saw .	The athletes saw the secretaries .	entailment
The professors who introduced the author admired the lawyer .	The professors introduced the author .	entailment
The senators mentioned the presidents that called the judge .	The presidents called the judge .	entailment
The judge thanked the scientist who the professors advised .	The professors advised the scientist .	entailment
The authors who the actors recognized introduced the lawyers .	The actors recognized the authors .	entailment
The authors who believed the judges saw the manager .	The authors believed the judges .	entailment
The lawyers who recognized the athlete supported the doctor .	The lawyers recognized the athlete .	entailment
The lawyer called the judges that the doctors avoided .	The doctors avoided the judges .	entailment
The president who admired the artist advised the lawyer .	The president admired the artist .	entailment
The manager believed the professors who the students supported .	The students supported the professors .	entailment
The secretaries contacted the tourists who the artists avoided .	The artists avoided the tourists .	entailment
The lawyer avoided the authors that introduced the professor .	The authors introduced the professor .	entailment
The lawyers that helped the professors recommended the managers .	The lawyers helped the professors .	entailment
The professor encouraged the tourist who introduced the doctor .	The tourist introduced the doctor .	entailment
The manager called the actor who believed the bankers .	The actor believed the bankers .	entailment
The judges that mentioned the banker contacted the manager .	The judges mentioned the banker .	entailment
The author supported the lawyers that recommended the athletes .	The lawyers recommended the athletes .	entailment
The professors that advised the student supported the senator .	The professors advised the student .	entailment
The actors called the secretaries that helped the artist .	The secretaries helped the artist .	entailment
The professors who the manager encouraged mentioned the students .	The manager encouraged the professors .	entailment
The scientists who the managers believed stopped the lawyer .	The managers believed the scientists .	entailment
The scientists that supported the artists advised the secretaries .	The scientists supported the artists .	entailment
The secretaries believed the scientist who the senator mentioned .	The senator mentioned the scientist .	entailment
The lawyers who saw the author encouraged the tourists .	The lawyers saw the author .	entailment
The banker saw the tourist who encouraged the artists .	The tourist encouraged the artists .	entailment
The athlete believed the secretaries that the managers contacted .	The managers contacted the secretaries .	entailment
The senator admired the managers who the president supported .	The president supported the managers .	entailment
The presidents believed the managers who recommended the professor .	The managers recommended the professor .	entailment
The senator saw the tourists who called the authors .	The tourists called the authors .	entailment
The judges supported the tourists who the bankers believed .	The bankers believed the tourists .	entailment
The students that introduced the secretaries recognized the judges .	The students introduced the secretaries .	entailment
The student that recognized the judge admired the scientist .	The student recognized the judge .	entailment
The actors that advised the president admired the managers .	The actors advised the president .	entailment
The doctors advised the manager who the author saw .	The author saw the manager .	entailment
The senators who the actors supported mentioned the lawyer .	The actors supported the senators .	entailment
The doctor stopped the professor that mentioned the senator .	The professor mentioned the senator .	entailment
The bankers admired the athlete who the actor recognized .	The actor recognized the athlete .	entailment
The artists encouraged the professor that advised the manager .	The professor advised the manager .	entailment
The managers introduced the senators that the judge advised .	The judge advised the senators .	entailment
The authors that the senator supported encouraged the athlete .	The senator supported the authors .	entailment
The tourists that admired the scientists believed the athlete .	The tourists admired the scientists .	entailment
The secretaries that the managers believed recognized the scientists .	The managers believed the secretaries .	entailment
The author who supported the presidents avoided the professor .	The author supported the presidents .	entailment
The scientists that the banker supported admired the artist .	The banker supported the scientists .	entailment
The secretary that the presidents contacted recognized the judges .	The presidents contacted the secretary .	entailment
The bankers supported the author that avoided the professors .	The author avoided the professors .	entailment
The lawyers admired the doctor who the athlete avoided .	The athlete avoided the doctor .	entailment
The president who advised the senator recommended the tourists .	The president advised the senator .	entailment
The manager that recommended the athletes stopped the scientist .	The manager recommended the athletes .	entailment
The doctors stopped the scientists that believed the athletes .	The scientists believed the athletes .	entailment
The scientists called the actors that the artists stopped .	The artists stopped the actors .	entailment
The students stopped the lawyers that the professor thanked .	The professor thanked the lawyers .	entailment
The lawyer admired the scientist that the banker mentioned .	The banker mentioned the scientist .	entailment
The artists who mentioned the professor admired the tourist .	The artists mentioned the professor .	entailment
The author that the professor encouraged mentioned the students .	The professor encouraged the author .	entailment
The professors that advised the tourists called the president .	The professors advised the tourists .	entailment
The scientists introduced the bankers that believed the judges .	The bankers believed the judges .	entailment
The judge recommended the president who the lawyer contacted .	The lawyer contacted the president .	entailment
The professors that the banker avoided contacted the lawyers .	The banker avoided the professors .	entailment
The senator encouraged the tourists who stopped the students .	The tourists stopped the students .	entailment
The athletes that recommended the bankers called the lawyers .	The athletes recommended the bankers .	entailment
The president believed the authors that recommended the athletes .	The authors recommended the athletes .	entailment
The authors admired the professors that the judges mentioned .	The judges mentioned the professors .	entailment
The managers that the banker recognized stopped the actor .	The banker recognized the managers .	entailment
The author that the managers avoided recommended the presidents .	The managers avoided the author .	entailment
The president who the actor supported advised the lawyer .	The actor supported the president .	entailment
The secretaries called the president who the author helped .	The author helped the president .	entailment
The professor recommended the secretary who avoided the actor .	The secretary avoided the actor .	entailment
The secretaries who the senators called thanked the authors .	The senators called the secretaries .	entailment
The professor who the actors advised thanked the tourist .	The actors advised the professor .	entailment
The manager who the doctor advised recognized the artist .	The doctor advised the manager .	entailment
The students that the managers avoided advised the doctor .	The managers avoided the students .	entailment
The athletes who the scientist saw helped the presidents .	The scientist saw the athletes .	entailment
The judge that supported the senator saw the authors .	The judge supported the senator .	entailment
The lawyers helped the doctors that the scientists mentioned .	The scientists mentioned the doctors .	entailment
The students encouraged the authors who the professor called .	The professor called the authors .	entailment
The senators that the artist recognized avoided the judges .	The artist recognized the senators .	entailment
The banker admired the secretary who supported the doctor .	The secretary supported the doctor .	entailment
The doctors recommended the student who supported the secretaries .	The student supported the secretaries .	entailment
The secretaries recognized the judges who the authors helped .	The authors helped the judges .	entailment
The tourist who the senator encouraged advised the professors .	The senator encouraged the tourist .	entailment
The professors who called the manager mentioned the doctor .	The professors called the manager .	entailment
The professor avoided the actor that the managers helped .	The managers helped the actor .	entailment
The senator who the actors admired encouraged the professor .	The actors admired the senator .	entailment
The secretary that contacted the president recognized the senator .	The secretary contacted the president .	entailment
The doctors who recommended the tourist contacted the artists .	The doctors recommended the tourist .	entailment
The scientist called the athlete who the lawyer introduced .	The lawyer introduced the athlete .	entailment
The banker believed the authors that the president contacted .	The president contacted the authors .	entailment
The bankers helped the secretaries that the professors recognized .	The professors recognized the secretaries .	entailment
The banker introduced the lawyer that the doctors supported .	The doctors supported the lawyer .	entailment
The athlete encouraged the doctors who the actor supported .	The actor supported the doctors .	entailment
The doctors recommended the bankers who encouraged the artist .	The bankers encouraged the artist .	entailment
The tourists helped the students who the president thanked .	The president thanked the students .	entailment
The banker who the students recognized recommended the professors .	The students recognized the banker .	entailment
The professors who the authors stopped advised the judges .	The authors stopped the professors .	entailment
The bankers thanked the lawyer who the actor called .	The actor called the lawyer .	entailment
The athlete saw the artists who the manager mentioned .	The manager mentioned the artists .	entailment
The artists mentioned the actors who called the senator .	The actors called the senator .	entailment
The professor who the artist advised thanked the student .	The artist advised the professor .	entailment
The senators that stopped the student recommended the doctor .	The senators stopped the student .	entailment
The author supported the judge that believed the actor .	The judge believed the actor .	entailment
The actors that the scientist introduced recommended the presidents .	The scientist introduced the actors .	entailment
The actors that admired the presidents believed the bankers .	The actors admired the presidents .	entailment
The actor stopped the president that encouraged the secretaries .	The president encouraged the secretaries .	entailment
The professors who the president recommended stopped the senator .	The president recommended the professors .	entailment
The doctors helped the scientists that the artist encouraged .	The artist encouraged the scientists .	entailment
The managers who the lawyers believed recognized the scientist .	The lawyers believed the managers .	entailment
The managers that avoided the judges encouraged the scientists .	The managers avoided the judges .	entailment
The tourist who the banker mentioned encouraged the artists .	The banker mentioned the tourist .	entailment
The lawyers who the doctors thanked admired the manager .	The doctors thanked the lawyers .	entailment
The scientist who the artists recognized helped the professors .	The artists recognized the scientist .	entailment
The scientist that the manager recommended believed the senators .	The manager recommended the scientist .	entailment
The author mentioned the actor that the senator introduced .	The senator introduced the actor .	entailment
The artists admired the secretary that the actors mentioned .	The actors mentioned the secretary .	entailment
The banker that saw the professor thanked the senators .	The banker saw the professor .	entailment
The doctors contacted the tourists who the senators recognized .	The senators recognized the tourists .	entailment
The artist called the judge that the manager advised .	The manager advised the judge .	entailment
The senator who mentioned the actor recommended the doctor .	The senator mentioned the actor .	entailment
The students who the lawyer helped thanked the president .	The lawyer helped the students .	entailment
The professors that the artist helped contacted the doctors .	The artist helped the professors .	entailment
The students that the manager helped recommended the judge .	The manager helped the students .	entailment
The students admired the secretary that the manager supported .	The manager supported the secretary .	entailment
The managers that the scientists saw supported the presidents .	The scientists saw the managers .	entailment
The doctor advised the athletes that the secretaries introduced .	The secretaries introduced the athletes .	entailment
The doctors recognized the secretaries who encouraged the athlete .	The secretaries encouraged the athlete .	entailment
The professors believed the students who the athlete encouraged .	The athlete encouraged the students .	entailment
The senators encouraged the scientist that supported the author .	The scientist supported the author .	entailment
The doctor who the tourist avoided advised the banker .	The tourist avoided the doctor .	entailment
The artist who admired the athlete recommended the doctors .	The artist admired the athlete .	entailment
The bankers who admired the tourist recommended the secretaries .	The bankers admired the tourist .	entailment
The doctor avoided the authors who saw the scientists .	The authors saw the scientists .	entailment
The professor avoided the senators who contacted the scientist .	The senators contacted the scientist .	entailment
The secretary avoided the tourist that contacted the lawyers .	The tourist contacted the lawyers .	entailment
The students thanked the authors that the actor recognized .	The actor recognized the authors .	entailment
The secretary supported the managers that stopped the professors .	The managers stopped the professors .	entailment
The professors recommended the author who supported the student .	The author supported the student .	entailment
The senators who the professor admired encouraged the actors .	The professor admired the senators .	entailment
The professors advised the senator who the athletes admired .	The athletes admired the senator .	entailment
The artist called the doctors that the actors stopped .	The actors stopped the doctors .	entailment
The scientists that advised the tourists avoided the senators .	The scientists advised the tourists .	entailment
The senators mentioned the actors who recommended the scientists .	The actors recommended the scientists .	entailment
The presidents that the scientist avoided supported the senator .	The scientist avoided the presidents .	entailment
The doctors called the actor that the lawyers contacted .	The lawyers contacted the actor .	entailment
The author recommended the student that helped the scientist .	The student helped the scientist .	entailment
The senator that the artist introduced supported the secretary .	The artist introduced the senator .	entailment
The lawyers thanked the judges that saw the presidents .	The judges saw the presidents .	entailment
The athletes who called the lawyers admired the secretary .	The athletes called the lawyers .	entailment
The artists who the actor helped recommended the lawyer .	The actor helped the artists .	entailment
The judge that the author called mentioned the actor .	The author called the judge .	entailment
The senators introduced the author who contacted the students .	The author contacted the students .	entailment
The senator that contacted the bankers believed the actor .	The senator contacted the bankers .	entailment
The doctors that advised the lawyers thanked the tourists .	The doctors advised the lawyers .	entailment
The athletes who called the tourist avoided the managers .	The athletes called the tourist .	entailment
The artist believed the scientists that encouraged the professor .	The scientists encouraged the professor .	entailment
The senator who admired the manager encouraged the secretary .	The senator admired the manager .	entailment
The professor contacted the artists who advised the athletes .	The artists advised the athletes .	entailment
The scientists helped the author who the lawyers saw .	The lawyers saw the author .	entailment
The artists introduced the presidents who the authors recognized .	The authors recognized the presidents .	entailment
The actor recognized the lawyer who contacted the judges .	The lawyer contacted the judges .	entailment
The scientist stopped the judges who helped the athletes .	The judges helped the athletes .	entailment
The bankers near the secretary called the doctor .	The bankers called the doctor .	entailment
The president in front of the professor advised the authors .	The president advised the authors .	entailment
The tourists behind the actor recommended the authors .	The tourists recommended the authors .	entailment
The authors by the banker helped the athlete .	The authors helped the athlete .	entailment
The lawyer in front of the author mentioned the athletes .	The lawyer mentioned the athletes .	entailment
The president behind the bankers encouraged the judge .	The president encouraged the judge .	entailment
The author near the secretary encouraged the manager .	The author encouraged the manager .	entailment
The secretary by the lawyers thanked the judge .	The secretary thanked the judge .	entailment
The lawyers by the bankers supported the tourists .	The lawyers supported the tourists .	entailment
The judge near the students called the scientists .	The judge called the scientists .	entailment
The lawyers behind the senator called the managers .	The lawyers called the managers .	entailment
The student next to the professor called the judge .	The student called the judge .	entailment
The actor near the student mentioned the managers .	The actor mentioned the managers .	entailment
The senators near the managers believed the doctors .	The senators believed the doctors .	entailment
The tourist by the judges stopped the banker .	The tourist stopped the banker .	entailment
The lawyers next to the actor advised the student .	The lawyers advised the student .	entailment
The senator next to the tourist encouraged the professor .	The senator encouraged the professor .	entailment
The lawyer by the secretaries introduced the scientists .	The lawyer introduced the scientists .	entailment
The bankers by the tourists supported the senators .	The bankers supported the senators .	entailment
The presidents by the lawyer stopped the secretary .	The presidents stopped the secretary .	entailment
The authors by the judge believed the secretaries .	The authors believed the secretaries .	entailment
The lawyers behind the judges admired the banker .	The lawyers admired the banker .	entailment
The banker behind the athlete supported the president .	The banker supported the president .	entailment
The judge behind the doctor contacted the scientists .	The judge contacted the scientists .	entailment
The professors in front of the athletes admired the secretaries .	The professors admired the secretaries .	entailment
The doctor behind the bankers called the president .	The doctor called the president .	entailment
The tourists in front of the author called the artist .	The tourists called the artist .	entailment
The secretary next to the student stopped the professor .	The secretary stopped the professor .	entailment
The managers next to the athlete thanked the secretary .	The managers thanked the secretary .	entailment
The authors in front of the artists admired the senators .	The authors admired the senators .	entailment
The judges near the president recognized the doctor .	The judges recognized the doctor .	entailment
The secretaries behind the author saw the artists .	The secretaries saw the artists .	entailment
The student next to the doctors helped the actors .	The student helped the actors .	entailment
The lawyers near the actors recommended the scientists .	The lawyers recommended the scientists .	entailment
The artists by the tourist supported the bankers .	The artists supported the bankers .	entailment
The professor near the doctors believed the judge .	The professor believed the judge .	entailment
The lawyers next to the athlete helped the manager .	The lawyers helped the manager .	entailment
The athletes by the professor called the managers .	The athletes called the managers .	entailment
The presidents behind the scientists introduced the student .	The presidents introduced the student .	entailment
The doctors next to the lawyer contacted the authors .	The doctors contacted the authors .	entailment
The artists near the students supported the actors .	The artists supported the actors .	entailment
The judges by the bankers recommended the manager .	The judges recommended the manager .	entailment
The scientist next to the athlete contacted the senator .	The scientist contacted the senator .	entailment
The doctors by the lawyer thanked the actor .	The doctors thanked the actor .	entailment
The artist by the doctors recognized the scientists .	The artist recognized the scientists .	entailment
The authors next to the lawyer admired the judge .	The authors admired the judge .	entailment
The doctor near the banker called the presidents .	The doctor called the presidents .	entailment
The artist near the scientists admired the athletes .	The artist admired the athletes .	entailment
The presidents near the actor avoided the tourists .	The presidents avoided the tourists .	entailment
The doctors near the tourists introduced the actors .	The doctors introduced the actors .	entailment
The presidents in front of the tourists introduced the judge .	The presidents introduced the judge .	entailment
The authors by the professor avoided the tourists .	The authors avoided the tourists .	entailment
The authors by the senators saw the judges .	The authors saw the judges .	entailment
The doctor in front of the students encouraged the managers .	The doctor encouraged the managers .	entailment
The authors next to the professors thanked the banker .	The authors thanked the banker .	entailment
The bankers in front of the professor thanked the athletes .	The bankers thanked the athletes .	entailment
The authors behind the judges stopped the athletes .	The authors stopped the athletes .	entailment
The athletes in front of the students called the presidents .	The athletes called the presidents .	entailment
The manager behind the tourist contacted the judges .	The manager contacted the judges .	entailment
The presidents in front of the tourists avoided the scientist .	The presidents avoided the scientist .	entailment
The students behind the scientists called the secretaries .	The students called the secretaries .	entailment
The professors by the authors helped the manager .	The professors helped the manager .	entailment
The scientists by the authors believed the lawyers .	The scientists believed the lawyers .	entailment
The manager next to the senator encouraged the doctor .	The manager encouraged the doctor .	entailment
The senator near the doctor admired the students .	The senator admired the students .	entailment
The judges next to the secretary called the students .	The judges called the students .	entailment
The author by the tourist saw the lawyers .	The author saw the lawyers .	entailment
The manager next to the senator stopped the president .	The manager stopped the president .	entailment
The artists in front of the authors called the lawyers .	The artists called the lawyers .	entailment
The tourist near the president admired the authors .	The tourist admired the authors .	entailment
The lawyers near the professors believed the secretary .	The lawyers believed the secretary .	entailment
The tourist near the senator saw the lawyer .	The tourist saw the lawyer .	entailment
The actors by the lawyer stopped the presidents .	The actors stopped the presidents .	entailment
The authors behind the athlete stopped the doctors .	The authors stopped the doctors .	entailment
The professor near the bankers encouraged the doctors .	The professor encouraged the doctors .	entailment
The lawyers behind the actor admired the banker .	The lawyers admired the banker .	entailment
The president near the judges encouraged the doctor .	The president encouraged the doctor .	entailment
The presidents near the artists called the actor .	The presidents called the actor .	entailment
The senators in front of the professor admired the athlete .	The senators admired the athlete .	entailment
The judges behind the secretaries supported the student .	The judges supported the student .	entailment
The professors next to the scientists encouraged the authors .	The professors encouraged the authors .	entailment
The manager in front of the athlete mentioned the senator .	The manager mentioned the senator .	entailment
The actors next to the students encouraged the tourist .	The actors encouraged the tourist .	entailment
The author behind the tourists recognized the lawyers .	The author recognized the lawyers .	entailment
The banker by the professors thanked the secretary .	The banker thanked the secretary .	entailment
The presidents by the scientists believed the senator .	The presidents believed the senator .	entailment
The students by the tourists supported the lawyer .	The students supported the lawyer .	entailment
The secretaries in front of the professors stopped the actors .	The secretaries stopped the actors .	entailment
The artists next to the athletes helped the senators .	The artists helped the senators .	entailment
The secretary next to the actor encouraged the judges .	The secretary encouraged the judges .	entailment
The doctors in front of the secretaries admired the athletes .	The doctors admired the athletes .	entailment
The bankers next to the artist recognized the president .	The bankers recognized the president .	entailment
The tourists near the judges advised the senator .	The tourists advised the senator .	entailment
The president in front of the professors advised the manager .	The president advised the manager .	entailment
The actors in front of the scientists stopped the professors .	The actors stopped the professors .	entailment
The athletes by the actors helped the president .	The athletes helped the president .	entailment
The artist in front of the athletes admired the student .	The artist admired the student .	entailment
The senator near the presidents helped the students .	The senator helped the students .	entailment
The president in front of the senators called the judge .	The president called the judge .	entailment
The presidents behind the secretary called the professors .	The presidents called the professors .	entailment
The presidents by the artist saw the scientist .	The presidents saw the scientist .	entailment
The scientists in front of the actor stopped the artists .	The scientists stopped the artists .	entailment
The tourist near the doctor recognized the artist .	The tourist recognized the artist .	entailment
The professors by the athletes recommended the president .	The professors recommended the president .	entailment
The tourist by the students thanked the professors .	The tourist thanked the professors .	entailment
The lawyer behind the manager helped the president .	The lawyer helped the president .	entailment
The athlete by the artist believed the professors .	The athlete believed the professors .	entailment
The students behind the professor avoided the athletes .	The students avoided the athletes .	entailment
The tourist in front of the lawyer helped the scientist .	The tourist helped the scientist .	entailment
The student by the doctors believed the athlete .	The student believed the athlete .	entailment
The secretary in front of the scientists mentioned the presidents .	The secretary mentioned the presidents .	entailment
The doctors behind the senators recognized the actor .	The doctors recognized the actor .	entailment
The actor next to the professors called the lawyers .	The actor called the lawyers .	entailment
The bankers next to the artists stopped the actors .	The bankers stopped the actors .	entailment
The president by the artist stopped the scientist .	The president stopped the scientist .	entailment
The manager in front of the doctors avoided the student .	The manager avoided the student .	entailment
The manager in front of the artists introduced the athletes .	The manager introduced the athletes .	entailment
The student in front of the senators recognized the secretaries .	The student recognized the secretaries .	entailment
The tourist by the lawyer contacted the senator .	The tourist contacted the senator .	entailment
The artists in front of the scientists admired the professor .	The artists admired the professor .	entailment
The manager in front of the lawyer saw the doctors .	The manager saw the doctors .	entailment
The student by the professors saw the lawyers .	The student saw the lawyers .	entailment
The scientists behind the artists introduced the lawyers .	The scientists introduced the lawyers .	entailment
The banker in front of the senator stopped the judge .	The banker stopped the judge .	entailment
The banker by the judges recognized the students .	The banker recognized the students .	entailment
The scientist behind the lawyer believed the professors .	The scientist believed the professors .	entailment
The athlete next to the manager mentioned the scientist .	The athlete mentioned the scientist .	entailment
The professor in front of the lawyer supported the scientists .	The professor supported the scientists .	entailment
The tourists next to the presidents called the artist .	The tourists called the artist .	entailment
The doctors near the lawyers recommended the judges .	The doctors recommended the judges .	entailment
The artist by the secretaries called the students .	The artist called the students .	entailment
The judge near the professor recognized the actors .	The judge recognized the actors .	entailment
The doctor by the banker advised the authors .	The doctor advised the authors .	entailment
The senator in front of the doctor supported the banker .	The senator supported the banker .	entailment
The secretary behind the senator believed the authors .	The secretary believed the authors .	entailment
The lawyer in front of the judges avoided the artists .	The lawyer avoided the artists .	entailment
The actors in front of the tourist avoided the president .	The actors avoided the president .	entailment
The author in front of the bankers encouraged the actors .	The author encouraged the actors .	entailment
The scientists near the senator admired the judge .	The scientists admired the judge .	entailment
The professor in front of the doctor stopped the judge .	The professor stopped the judge .	entailment
The artists in front of the manager supported the banker .	The artists supported the banker .	entailment
The authors behind the athletes advised the president .	The authors advised the president .	entailment
The doctor in front of the banker recognized the judge .	The doctor recognized the judge .	entailment
The doctor near the artists mentioned the manager .	The doctor mentioned the manager .	entailment
The senator near the manager believed the artist .	The senator believed the artist .	entailment
The tourists near the lawyers supported the scientists .	The tourists supported the scientists .	entailment
The author in front of the banker mentioned the athlete .	The author mentioned the athlete .	entailment
The bankers by the students helped the actors .	The bankers helped the actors .	entailment
The lawyer in front of the secretaries saw the artist .	The lawyer saw the artist .	entailment
The author behind the secretary advised the lawyer .	The author advised the lawyer .	entailment
The doctors next to the actors called the lawyers .	The doctors called the lawyers .	entailment
The athletes near the professor avoided the banker .	The athletes avoided the banker .	entailment
The manager next to the athletes helped the secretary .	The manager helped the secretary .	entailment
The scientist by the actors mentioned the president .	The scientist mentioned the president .	entailment
The professors in front of the bankers avoided the scientist .	The professors avoided the scientist .	entailment
The banker behind the professors admired the judge .	The banker admired the judge .	entailment
The tourists near the banker admired the actors .	The tourists admired the actors .	entailment
The actor next to the president helped the secretary .	The actor helped the secretary .	entailment
The author by the actor admired the tourist .	The author admired the tourist .	entailment
The lawyer next to the bankers recognized the students .	The lawyer recognized the students .	entailment
The artist by the president mentioned the managers .	The artist mentioned the managers .	entailment
The athlete in front of the students called the lawyers .	The athlete called the lawyers .	entailment
The artists by the scientists helped the lawyers .	The artists helped the lawyers .	entailment
The senator next to the doctors believed the tourist .	The senator believed the tourist .	entailment
The doctor in front of the scientist encouraged the secretary .	The doctor encouraged the secretary .	entailment
The actor in front of the manager contacted the lawyers .	The actor contacted the lawyers .	entailment
The professor by the banker supported the senators .	The professor supported the senators .	entailment
The banker by the lawyers contacted the judges .	The banker contacted the judges .	entailment
The scientist by the presidents stopped the student .	The scientist stopped the student .	entailment
The judges near the artists supported the secretary .	The judges supported the secretary .	entailment
The author near the doctor thanked the actors .	The author thanked the actors .	entailment
The authors in front of the professor contacted the actors .	The authors contacted the actors .	entailment
The managers by the author supported the lawyer .	The managers supported the lawyer .	entailment
The tourists behind the actors thanked the doctor .	The tourists thanked the doctor .	entailment
The authors by the actor supported the professors .	The authors supported the professors .	entailment
The athletes next to the artists supported the professors .	The athletes supported the professors .	entailment
The judge by the senators contacted the professor .	The judge contacted the professor .	entailment
The athletes by the students avoided the authors .	The athletes avoided the authors .	entailment
The senator behind the artist supported the students .	The senator supported the students .	entailment
The tourist behind the manager saw the senator .	The tourist saw the senator .	entailment
The bankers by the senator helped the athlete .	The bankers helped the athlete .	entailment
The senators behind the presidents saw the author .	The senators saw the author .	entailment
The senator next to the authors recommended the athlete .	The senator recommended the athlete .	entailment
The scientist behind the bankers stopped the lawyer .	The scientist stopped the lawyer .	entailment
The judge by the manager avoided the professor .	The judge avoided the professor .	entailment
The doctor in front of the athletes stopped the artist .	The doctor stopped the artist .	entailment
The tourist by the scientist helped the senator .	The tourist helped the senator .	entailment
The athlete near the secretaries thanked the actor .	The athlete thanked the actor .	entailment
The authors near the presidents encouraged the bankers .	The authors encouraged the bankers .	entailment
The professors in front of the athlete called the senator .	The professors called the senator .	entailment
The secretaries in front of the lawyers thanked the scientist .	The secretaries thanked the scientist .	entailment
The banker in front of the student believed the professor .	The banker believed the professor .	entailment
The senators by the judge believed the doctors .	The senators believed the doctors .	entailment
The artist near the student believed the judges .	The artist believed the judges .	entailment
The presidents by the banker stopped the author .	The presidents stopped the author .	entailment
The student by the judge recognized the secretary .	The student recognized the secretary .	entailment
The judge near the actors advised the doctor .	The judge advised the doctor .	entailment
The athlete in front of the senator contacted the scientists .	The athlete contacted the scientists .	entailment
The tourist in front of the lawyer believed the president .	The tourist believed the president .	entailment
The manager next to the president recognized the author .	The manager recognized the author .	entailment
The artists by the actor admired the lawyer .	The artists admired the lawyer .	entailment
The student next to the athletes saw the secretary .	The student saw the secretary .	entailment
The scientist in front of the tourist contacted the banker .	The scientist contacted the banker .	entailment
The doctor by the scientists advised the lawyers .	The doctor advised the lawyers .	entailment
The lawyer by the manager mentioned the president .	The lawyer mentioned the president .	entailment
The presidents by the senators avoided the managers .	The presidents avoided the managers .	entailment
The senator behind the athlete avoided the president .	The senator avoided the president .	entailment
The doctor in front of the president introduced the bankers .	The doctor introduced the bankers .	entailment
The senators near the doctors mentioned the actors .	The senators mentioned the actors .	entailment
The lawyers next to the senator contacted the manager .	The lawyers contacted the manager .	entailment
The managers behind the secretaries contacted the judges .	The managers contacted the judges .	entailment
The president next to the athletes thanked the doctors .	The president thanked the doctors .	entailment
The secretaries near the bankers admired the judge .	The secretaries admired the judge .	entailment
The senator behind the tourist helped the actors .	The senator helped the actors .	entailment
The tourist next to the scientists admired the judge .	The tourist admired the judge .	entailment
The presidents by the scientist helped the athlete .	The presidents helped the athlete .	entailment
The secretaries by the actor recommended the doctor .	The secretaries recommended the doctor .	entailment
The authors next to the senator mentioned the lawyer .	The authors mentioned the lawyer .	entailment
The actors next to the athletes contacted the senators .	The actors contacted the senators .	entailment
The secretaries in front of the president mentioned the authors .	The secretaries mentioned the authors .	entailment
The manager next to the professor recognized the actor .	The manager recognized the actor .	entailment
The student behind the doctors believed the scientists .	The student believed the scientists .	entailment
The authors near the judge saw the artist .	The authors saw the artist .	entailment
The banker near the doctor introduced the athletes .	The banker introduced the athletes .	entailment
The president by the secretary mentioned the actor .	The president mentioned the actor .	entailment
The scientists near the manager thanked the presidents .	The scientists thanked the presidents .	entailment
The manager next to the artist supported the president .	The manager supported the president .	entailment
The manager near the senators saw the secretary .	The manager saw the secretary .	entailment
The tourists near the senator introduced the actors .	The tourists introduced the actors .	entailment
The tourist behind the students thanked the banker .	The tourist thanked the banker .	entailment
The athletes near the tourists called the senators .	The athletes called the senators .	entailment
The senators near the athletes recommended the doctors .	The senators recommended the doctors .	entailment
The senators by the actor encouraged the professor .	The senators encouraged the professor .	entailment
The judge next to the authors encouraged the doctors .	The judge encouraged the doctors .	entailment
The doctor near the secretary contacted the senators .	The doctor contacted the senators .	entailment
The doctor near the presidents contacted the professor .	The doctor contacted the professor .	entailment
The banker behind the senator mentioned the scientist .	The banker mentioned the scientist .	entailment
The president by the senator recognized the students .	The president recognized the students .	entailment
The scientists by the professor supported the actors .	The scientists supported the actors .	entailment
The manager behind the students helped the lawyer .	The manager helped the lawyer .	entailment
The banker behind the author supported the actor .	The banker supported the actor .	entailment
The student behind the lawyer recognized the presidents .	The student recognized the presidents .	entailment
The author in front of the senator supported the banker .	The author supported the banker .	entailment
The doctors behind the tourist contacted the scientist .	The doctors contacted the scientist .	entailment
The judge by the tourist saw the athletes .	The judge saw the athletes .	entailment
The students in front of the tourists called the secretaries .	The students called the secretaries .	entailment
The authors behind the banker thanked the manager .	The authors thanked the manager .	entailment
The author behind the lawyer encouraged the professors .	The author encouraged the professors .	entailment
The actor in front of the bankers believed the secretary .	The actor believed the secretary .	entailment
The actors near the athletes mentioned the doctor .	The actors mentioned the doctor .	entailment
The actor behind the authors advised the president .	The actor advised the president .	entailment
The actor behind the scientists advised the authors .	The actor advised the authors .	entailment
The artists in front of the president mentioned the senator .	The artists mentioned the senator .	entailment
The lawyer behind the scientists helped the student .	The lawyer helped the student .	entailment
The scientists in front of the presidents contacted the secretaries .	The scientists contacted the secretaries .	entailment
The actors behind the tourist avoided the banker .	The actors avoided the banker .	entailment
The secretary behind the tourists admired the banker .	The secretary admired the banker .	entailment
The bankers next to the scientist recommended the president .	The bankers recommended the president .	entailment
The tourist by the artist called the banker .	The tourist called the banker .	entailment
The presidents by the secretaries recommended the actor .	The presidents recommended the actor .	entailment
The professors by the authors introduced the presidents .	The professors introduced the presidents .	entailment
The tourists near the professors recommended the presidents .	The tourists recommended the presidents .	entailment
The judge near the doctors avoided the actor .	The judge avoided the actor .	entailment
The judge in front of the students helped the president .	The judge helped the president .	entailment
The athlete behind the lawyers avoided the judges .	The athlete avoided the judges .	entailment
The judges behind the senators encouraged the authors .	The judges encouraged the authors .	entailment
The scientists next to the lawyers contacted the presidents .	The scientists contacted the presidents .	entailment
The lawyer near the athlete helped the judge .	The lawyer helped the judge .	entailment
The artist next to the president contacted the senator .	The artist contacted the senator .	entailment
The athletes near the banker believed the scientists .	The athletes believed the scientists .	entailment
The senators in front of the authors advised the scientists .	The senators advised the scientists .	entailment
The artist behind the actors mentioned the tourist .	The artist mentioned the tourist .	entailment
The actor by the professor mentioned the bankers .	The actor mentioned the bankers .	entailment
The senator in front of the author introduced the lawyer .	The senator introduced the lawyer .	entailment
The professor in front of the tourists avoided the senators .	The professor avoided the senators .	entailment
The athlete by the professors encouraged the artist .	The athlete encouraged the artist .	entailment
The artist near the judges recognized the banker .	The artist recognized the banker .	entailment
The manager next to the student recognized the judges .	The manager recognized the judges .	entailment
The authors next to the doctor stopped the manager .	The authors stopped the manager .	entailment
The bankers behind the tourists recognized the lawyer .	The bankers recognized the lawyer .	entailment
The authors in front of the judges recommended the scientists .	The authors recommended the scientists .	entailment
The secretaries next to the senator saw the bankers .	The secretaries saw the bankers .	entailment
The doctors in front of the judges called the presidents .	The doctors called the presidents .	entailment
The athletes behind the doctors saw the actors .	The athletes saw the actors .	entailment
The scientists next to the tourists introduced the doctor .	The scientists introduced the doctor .	entailment
The scientists by the lawyer saw the judge .	The scientists saw the judge .	entailment
The students behind the managers encouraged the president .	The students encouraged the president .	entailment
The presidents in front of the senator called the lawyers .	The presidents called the lawyers .	entailment
The author near the bankers called the actors .	The author called the actors .	entailment
The artists next to the author avoided the senator .	The artists avoided the senator .	entailment
The athletes next to the judges supported the doctors .	The athletes supported the doctors .	entailment
The scientist near the manager stopped the authors .	The scientist stopped the authors .	entailment
The judges by the professor admired the lawyer .	The judges admired the lawyer .	entailment
The senator behind the president thanked the athlete .	The senator thanked the athlete .	entailment
The president behind the students admired the judges .	The president admired the judges .	entailment
The scientists in front of the senator thanked the judges .	The scientists thanked the judges .	entailment
The actor by the student mentioned the judges .	The actor mentioned the judges .	entailment
The artist next to the senator recommended the scientists .	The artist recommended the scientists .	entailment
The artist behind the judges saw the doctors .	The artist saw the doctors .	entailment
The secretaries behind the scientists admired the judge .	The secretaries admired the judge .	entailment
The artist in front of the president avoided the scientist .	The artist avoided the scientist .	entailment
The secretary near the scientist supported the president .	The secretary supported the president .	entailment
The secretary near the actors mentioned the students .	The secretary mentioned the students .	entailment
The judges in front of the athlete advised the professor .	The judges advised the professor .	entailment
The president next to the athlete stopped the bankers .	The president stopped the bankers .	entailment
The secretary next to the tourists contacted the lawyer .	The secretary contacted the lawyer .	entailment
The lawyer behind the athlete introduced the artist .	The lawyer introduced the artist .	entailment
The authors in front of the artists introduced the bankers .	The authors introduced the bankers .	entailment
The tourist in front of the managers thanked the lawyers .	The tourist thanked the lawyers .	entailment
The students next to the authors helped the judges .	The students helped the judges .	entailment
The senator near the judge thanked the authors .	The senator thanked the authors .	entailment
The senator next to the author supported the scientist .	The senator supported the scientist .	entailment
The professors behind the lawyers stopped the artists .	The professors stopped the artists .	entailment
The judges in front of the authors introduced the professor .	The judges introduced the professor .	entailment
The managers by the secretaries contacted the scientists .	The managers contacted the scientists .	entailment
The actor near the student recommended the doctors .	The actor recommended the doctors .	entailment
The scientists near the artist advised the managers .	The scientists advised the managers .	entailment
The doctors near the artists saw the students .	The doctors saw the students .	entailment
The professor behind the banker mentioned the scientists .	The professor mentioned the scientists .	entailment
The senators next to the tourist avoided the artists .	The senators avoided the artists .	entailment
The lawyers by the banker supported the presidents .	The lawyers supported the presidents .	entailment
The actors next to the lawyers believed the president .	The actors believed the president .	entailment
The judge behind the senator thanked the professor .	The judge thanked the professor .	entailment
The lawyer in front of the president contacted the senator .	The lawyer contacted the senator .	entailment
The doctor behind the tourists saw the bankers .	The doctor saw the bankers .	entailment
The students in front of the lawyer saw the senator .	The students saw the senator .	entailment
The actors in front of the managers recognized the secretary .	The actors recognized the secretary .	entailment
The secretary behind the tourists encouraged the students .	The secretary encouraged the students .	entailment
The athlete behind the secretaries called the banker .	The athlete called the banker .	entailment
The senator by the doctor stopped the lawyers .	The senator stopped the lawyers .	entailment
The president next to the senators called the doctors .	The president called the doctors .	entailment
The athletes in front of the artist believed the doctor .	The athletes believed the doctor .	entailment
The manager behind the professor stopped the authors .	The manager stopped the authors .	entailment
The senators in front of the president thanked the student .	The senators thanked the student .	entailment
The judge by the artists supported the secretaries .	The judge supported the secretaries .	entailment
The athlete near the scientists recognized the tourist .	The athlete recognized the tourist .	entailment
The secretaries behind the senator encouraged the scientist .	The secretaries encouraged the scientist .	entailment
The bankers behind the lawyers admired the actors .	The bankers admired the actors .	entailment
The banker by the athletes called the doctors .	The banker called the doctors .	entailment
The banker by the artists encouraged the secretary .	The banker encouraged the secretary .	entailment
The presidents next to the artists called the managers .	The presidents called the managers .	entailment
The athlete by the secretary recognized the students .	The athlete recognized the students .	entailment
The tourists near the professor supported the judges .	The tourists supported the judges .	entailment
The judges behind the athlete mentioned the senator .	The judges mentioned the senator .	entailment
The professors by the banker recommended the senator .	The professors recommended the senator .	entailment
The professor by the president thanked the athlete .	The professor thanked the athlete .	entailment
The secretary in front of the judges saw the professor .	The secretary saw the professor .	entailment
The author near the scientists introduced the tourists .	The author introduced the tourists .	entailment
The athlete behind the judge avoided the tourist .	The athlete avoided the tourist .	entailment
The secretary by the artist recognized the doctors .	The secretary recognized the doctors .	entailment
The authors in front of the actor called the manager .	The authors called the manager .	entailment
The secretaries by the athlete saw the actor .	The secretaries saw the actor .	entailment
The judges in front of the doctors called the professors .	The judges called the professors .	entailment
The judge near the senators introduced the students .	The judge introduced the students .	entailment
The professor behind the author admired the artists .	The professor admired the artists .	entailment
The banker in front of the presidents helped the senator .	The banker helped the senator .	entailment
The president near the lawyer believed the authors .	The president believed the authors .	entailment
The scientist behind the students encouraged the lawyers .	The scientist encouraged the lawyers .	entailment
The artists near the actors recognized the doctor .	The artists recognized the doctor .	entailment
The professor in front of the bankers saw the lawyer .	The professor saw the lawyer .	entailment
The managers next to the doctors mentioned the tourist .	The managers mentioned the tourist .	entailment
The actors by the doctor saw the athlete .	The actors saw the athlete .	entailment
The scientists behind the actor introduced the students .	The scientists introduced the students .	entailment
The author near the tourists advised the scientist .	The author advised the scientist .	entailment
The banker in front of the president helped the author .	The banker helped the author .	entailment
The athlete next to the actors introduced the students .	The athlete introduced the students .	entailment
The president in front of the bankers mentioned the doctor .	The president mentioned the doctor .	entailment
The doctors next to the secretary saw the professor .	The doctors saw the professor .	entailment
The senator near the banker contacted the athletes .	The senator contacted the athletes .	entailment
The scientists near the student avoided the professors .	The scientists avoided the professors .	entailment
The professor next to the doctors saw the artists .	The professor saw the artists .	entailment
The judges behind the secretaries called the bankers .	The judges called the bankers .	entailment
The senator in front of the secretary introduced the scientist .	The senator introduced the scientist .	entailment
The authors next to the artist thanked the actors .	The authors thanked the actors .	entailment
The author near the artist contacted the senators .	The author contacted the senators .	entailment
The professors next to the senators admired the scientist .	The professors admired the scientist .	entailment
The senator by the secretaries contacted the athletes .	The senator contacted the athletes .	entailment
The bankers next to the student mentioned the doctors .	The bankers mentioned the doctors .	entailment
The judges near the secretaries mentioned the presidents .	The judges mentioned the presidents .	entailment
The judge near the author believed the scientists .	The judge believed the scientists .	entailment
The authors next to the doctor saw the president .	The authors saw the president .	entailment
The tourists in front of the judge helped the secretaries .	The tourists helped the secretaries .	entailment
The presidents in front of the senators introduced the doctor .	The presidents introduced the doctor .	entailment
The athlete next to the doctors advised the judges .	The athlete advised the judges .	entailment
The senator next to the lawyers called the banker .	The senator called the banker .	entailment
The managers behind the senator helped the athlete .	The managers helped the athlete .	entailment
The tourists by the bankers supported the actor .	The tourists supported the actor .	entailment
The scientist near the authors recommended the secretaries .	The scientist recommended the secretaries .	entailment
The doctors next to the student avoided the athletes .	The doctors avoided the athletes .	entailment
The doctors by the banker thanked the student .	The doctors thanked the student .	entailment
The artist in front of the actor stopped the judge .	The artist stopped the judge .	entailment
The scientists behind the banker believed the tourist .	The scientists believed the tourist .	entailment
The artist in front of the professors recognized the athletes .	The artist recognized the athletes .	entailment
The actor near the lawyer mentioned the bankers .	The actor mentioned the bankers .	entailment
The doctor behind the president introduced the secretary .	The doctor introduced the secretary .	entailment
The president next to the scientist recommended the author .	The president recommended the author .	entailment
The actors in front of the managers contacted the scientist .	The actors contacted the scientist .	entailment
The banker behind the secretary recommended the student .	The banker recommended the student .	entailment
The scientists near the professors stopped the doctors .	The scientists stopped the doctors .	entailment
The artist next to the doctors thanked the authors .	The artist thanked the authors .	entailment
The banker next to the managers mentioned the student .	The banker mentioned the student .	entailment
The banker in front of the students introduced the athletes .	The banker introduced the athletes .	entailment
The artists in front of the senator stopped the athlete .	The artists stopped the athlete .	entailment
The doctors next to the artists recommended the actor .	The doctors recommended the actor .	entailment
The doctors by the president recommended the secretary .	The doctors recommended the secretary .	entailment
The actors by the tourists avoided the artists .	The actors avoided the artists .	entailment
The authors behind the professors avoided the actors .	The authors avoided the actors .	entailment
The scientists in front of the student believed the senators .	The scientists believed the senators .	entailment
The judges by the actors advised the senators .	The judges advised the senators .	entailment
The senators by the manager mentioned the scientists .	The senators mentioned the scientists .	entailment
The tourist next to the athlete supported the senator .	The tourist supported the senator .	entailment
The judge near the scientist thanked the tourist .	The judge thanked the tourist .	entailment
The student behind the author believed the lawyers .	The student believed the lawyers .	entailment
The doctor in front of the authors supported the student .	The doctor supported the student .	entailment
The tourists near the actor mentioned the students .	The tourists mentioned the students .	entailment
The presidents in front of the lawyers saw the judges .	The presidents saw the judges .	entailment
The scientists behind the author supported the manager .	The scientists supported the manager .	entailment
The professor next to the tourist admired the presidents .	The professor admired the presidents .	entailment
The bankers in front of the judge contacted the senators .	The bankers contacted the senators .	entailment
The lawyer near the student believed the artist .	The lawyer believed the artist .	entailment
The authors behind the bankers admired the doctors .	The authors admired the doctors .	entailment
The tourist behind the judge saw the president .	The tourist saw the president .	entailment
The secretary by the manager advised the actor .	The secretary advised the actor .	entailment
The students in front of the tourists contacted the judges .	The students contacted the judges .	entailment
The judge next to the scientist recognized the presidents .	The judge recognized the presidents .	entailment
The students by the artists thanked the managers .	The students thanked the managers .	entailment
The athletes near the authors encouraged the students .	The athletes encouraged the students .	entailment
The actor by the lawyers mentioned the artist .	The actor mentioned the artist .	entailment
The authors near the judge advised the manager .	The authors advised the manager .	entailment
The secretaries next to the doctor saw the tourists .	The secretaries saw the tourists .	entailment
The artists next to the athlete saw the professor .	The artists saw the professor .	entailment
The bankers by the professor supported the lawyer .	The bankers supported the lawyer .	entailment
The students near the judge encouraged the professors .	The students encouraged the professors .	entailment
The tourists behind the scientist avoided the judges .	The tourists avoided the judges .	entailment
The secretaries in front of the lawyer saw the scientist .	The secretaries saw the scientist .	entailment
The tourists behind the secretaries encouraged the senators .	The tourists encouraged the senators .	entailment
The scientist by the judge called the actors .	The scientist called the actors .	entailment
The president behind the authors contacted the lawyers .	The president contacted the lawyers .	entailment
The authors in front of the bankers advised the students .	The authors advised the students .	entailment
The senators in front of the authors advised the bankers .	The senators advised the bankers .	entailment
The doctors in front of the lawyers saw the professor .	The doctors saw the professor .	entailment
The student near the scientist thanked the banker .	The student thanked the banker .	entailment
The presidents behind the tourists recommended the actors .	The presidents recommended the actors .	entailment
The banker near the athletes believed the doctors .	The banker believed the doctors .	entailment
The secretaries next to the banker encouraged the judge .	The secretaries encouraged the judge .	entailment
The scientists in front of the senators recognized the secretaries .	The scientists recognized the secretaries .	entailment
The doctor next to the presidents recommended the professor .	The doctor recommended the professor .	entailment
The actors by the authors contacted the banker .	The actors contacted the banker .	entailment
The artist in front of the secretary recommended the tourist .	The artist recommended the tourist .	entailment
The artist by the doctor believed the student .	The artist believed the student .	entailment
The doctor next to the judge recognized the tourists .	The doctor recognized the tourists .	entailment
The lawyers in front of the senator avoided the manager .	The lawyers avoided the manager .	entailment
The artist near the bankers contacted the president .	The artist contacted the president .	entailment
The manager behind the scientists introduced the professors .	The manager introduced the professors .	entailment
The banker by the professor mentioned the doctors .	The banker mentioned the doctors .	entailment
The artist behind the actor called the senators .	The artist called the senators .	entailment
The presidents behind the senator recognized the athlete .	The presidents recognized the athlete .	entailment
The secretaries in front of the scientist advised the lawyer .	The secretaries advised the lawyer .	entailment
The authors by the judges recommended the athletes .	The authors recommended the athletes .	entailment
The tourists next to the author stopped the secretaries .	The tourists stopped the secretaries .	entailment
The managers in front of the senator advised the artists .	The managers advised the artists .	entailment
The lawyers near the doctor advised the presidents .	The lawyers advised the presidents .	entailment
The lawyers behind the judges stopped the president .	The lawyers stopped the president .	entailment
The student by the senator believed the author .	The student believed the author .	entailment
The scientists behind the tourists advised the secretary .	The scientists advised the secretary .	entailment
The professor in front of the managers thanked the athletes .	The professor thanked the athletes .	entailment
The doctors in front of the senators supported the lawyer .	The doctors supported the lawyer .	entailment
The tourist by the senator helped the author .	The tourist helped the author .	entailment
The tourist in front of the doctors thanked the senator .	The tourist thanked the senator .	entailment
The manager behind the professors thanked the artist .	The manager thanked the artist .	entailment
The bankers near the author mentioned the scientist .	The bankers mentioned the scientist .	entailment
The athlete near the student called the judge .	The athlete called the judge .	entailment
The senator near the president helped the secretaries .	The senator helped the secretaries .	entailment
The actor in front of the president recommended the professor .	The actor recommended the professor .	entailment
The senators near the actor saw the judge .	The senators saw the judge .	entailment
The actor behind the senator advised the managers .	The actor advised the managers .	entailment
The actor next to the professor saw the author .	The actor saw the author .	entailment
The tourist near the doctors thanked the secretaries .	The tourist thanked the secretaries .	entailment
The secretaries in front of the artist stopped the authors .	The secretaries stopped the authors .	entailment
The judge behind the banker recognized the managers .	The judge recognized the managers .	entailment
The student by the judges thanked the tourists .	The student thanked the tourists .	entailment
The actors by the student admired the secretaries .	The actors admired the secretaries .	entailment
The senators in front of the banker helped the athletes .	The senators helped the athletes .	entailment
The scientist by the presidents believed the banker .	The scientist believed the banker .	entailment
The student by the artist recommended the judge .	The student recommended the judge .	entailment
The artists by the doctor recognized the lawyers .	The artists recognized the lawyers .	entailment
The professor near the actor called the students .	The professor called the students .	entailment
The student in front of the actors saw the managers .	The student saw the managers .	entailment
The lawyer by the doctor avoided the author .	The lawyer avoided the author .	entailment
The lawyers in front of the senator avoided the judge .	The lawyers avoided the judge .	entailment
The athlete next to the bankers mentioned the judge .	The athlete mentioned the judge .	entailment
The secretaries next to the senator thanked the tourist .	The secretaries thanked the tourist .	entailment
The tourist behind the bankers encouraged the students .	The tourist encouraged the students .	entailment
The doctors by the actors supported the secretaries .	The doctors supported the secretaries .	entailment
The secretaries behind the bankers supported the president .	The secretaries supported the president .	entailment
The artists by the authors introduced the actors .	The artists introduced the actors .	entailment
The secretaries by the manager saw the student .	The secretaries saw the student .	entailment
The artist next to the doctors saw the students .	The artist saw the students .	entailment
The lawyer next to the student saw the actors .	The lawyer saw the actors .	entailment
The professor behind the managers mentioned the judges .	The professor mentioned the judges .	entailment
The senators behind the judges recommended the scientist .	The senators recommended the scientist .	entailment
The manager in front of the lawyer recommended the secretaries .	The manager recommended the secretaries .	entailment
The student near the judge contacted the senator .	The student contacted the senator .	entailment
The tourists near the professors believed the doctor .	The tourists believed the doctor .	entailment
The tourists in front of the senators admired the author .	The tourists admired the author .	entailment
The tourists in front of the student mentioned the artist .	The tourists mentioned the artist .	entailment
The secretaries next to the artist advised the doctor .	The secretaries advised the doctor .	entailment
The author in front of the professor encouraged the secretaries .	The author encouraged the secretaries .	entailment
The professor by the president helped the manager .	The professor helped the manager .	entailment
The students near the tourists thanked the athlete .	The students thanked the athlete .	entailment
The tourists near the artists admired the presidents .	The tourists admired the presidents .	entailment
The senators in front of the doctor stopped the student .	The senators stopped the student .	entailment
The tourists next to the banker admired the athletes .	The tourists admired the athletes .	entailment
The professor in front of the tourists helped the judges .	The professor helped the judges .	entailment
The doctors in front of the senators advised the actor .	The doctors advised the actor .	entailment
The authors behind the secretaries admired the artists .	The authors admired the artists .	entailment
The scientist behind the banker stopped the secretaries .	The scientist stopped the secretaries .	entailment
The artists behind the secretary admired the manager .	The artists admired the manager .	entailment
The actor by the manager advised the judges .	The actor advised the judges .	entailment
The judges in front of the tourists mentioned the students .	The judges mentioned the students .	entailment
The lawyers in front of the athletes saw the student .	The lawyers saw the student .	entailment
The actor by the lawyer recognized the author .	The actor recognized the author .	entailment
The artists behind the bankers admired the judge .	The artists admired the judge .	entailment
The lawyer near the tourists believed the actor .	The lawyer believed the actor .	entailment
The doctors by the student admired the managers .	The doctors admired the managers .	entailment
The lawyer behind the student admired the athlete .	The lawyer admired the athlete .	entailment
The athletes next to the professors supported the students .	The athletes supported the students .	entailment
The professors behind the tourist supported the secretaries .	The professors supported the secretaries .	entailment
The tourists behind the actors contacted the doctors .	The tourists contacted the doctors .	entailment
The judges in front of the doctor contacted the presidents .	The judges contacted the presidents .	entailment
The judges near the athletes avoided the secretaries .	The judges avoided the secretaries .	entailment
The athlete next to the senators saw the artists .	The athlete saw the artists .	entailment
The scientist next to the actor helped the banker .	The scientist helped the banker .	entailment
The scientists near the athlete recognized the tourist .	The scientists recognized the tourist .	entailment
The president by the doctor avoided the managers .	The president avoided the managers .	entailment
The athletes by the secretaries introduced the presidents .	The athletes introduced the presidents .	entailment
The professors by the athletes avoided the lawyers .	The professors avoided the lawyers .	entailment
The secretary in front of the managers supported the tourist .	The secretary supported the tourist .	entailment
The banker near the professor admired the manager .	The banker admired the manager .	entailment
The president near the bankers supported the actors .	The president supported the actors .	entailment
The tourists behind the doctor encouraged the students .	The tourists encouraged the students .	entailment
The manager by the artists introduced the president .	The manager introduced the president .	entailment
The president by the scientist stopped the bankers .	The president stopped the bankers .	entailment
The professors in front of the tourist encouraged the lawyers .	The professors encouraged the lawyers .	entailment
The doctor behind the tourist recommended the actors .	The doctor recommended the actors .	entailment
The judges by the doctors thanked the scientist .	The judges thanked the scientist .	entailment
The banker in front of the author called the scientist .	The banker called the scientist .	entailment
The actor by the students contacted the scientist .	The actor contacted the scientist .	entailment
The author near the athlete advised the artist .	The author advised the artist .	entailment
The professors in front of the presidents mentioned the judges .	The professors mentioned the judges .	entailment
The doctor by the senator supported the artists .	The doctor supported the artists .	entailment
The athletes behind the actors called the president .	The athletes called the president .	entailment
The scientist by the doctor stopped the actors .	The scientist stopped the actors .	entailment
The president by the artists encouraged the tourists .	The president encouraged the tourists .	entailment
The manager in front of the scientist avoided the secretaries .	The manager avoided the secretaries .	entailment
The managers behind the scientist saw the senators .	The managers saw the senators .	entailment
The scientists by the judges called the actors .	The scientists called the actors .	entailment
The professor in front of the athletes stopped the authors .	The professor stopped the authors .	entailment
The banker in front of the presidents advised the athletes .	The banker advised the athletes .	entailment
The judges by the athlete stopped the professor .	The judges stopped the professor .	entailment
The manager behind the bankers contacted the lawyers .	The manager contacted the lawyers .	entailment
The authors behind the presidents recognized the students .	The authors recognized the students .	entailment
The author next to the banker contacted the managers .	The author contacted the managers .	entailment
The author near the athlete thanked the scientists .	The author thanked the scientists .	entailment
The secretary by the tourist contacted the professor .	The secretary contacted the professor .	entailment
The author next to the tourists contacted the doctor .	The author contacted the doctor .	entailment
The tourists by the lawyers helped the secretary .	The tourists helped the secretary .	entailment
The artist next to the banker admired the judges .	The artist admired the judges .	entailment
The artist in front of the bankers advised the lawyers .	The artist advised the lawyers .	entailment
The secretaries by the scientists supported the senators .	The secretaries supported the senators .	entailment
The senators behind the secretary avoided the scientists .	The senators avoided the scientists .	entailment
The senators near the judges contacted the professors .	The senators contacted the professors .	entailment
The tourists near the secretary believed the senator .	The tourists believed the senator .	entailment
The athletes near the doctors called the professor .	The athletes called the professor .	entailment
The lawyers near the artists believed the actor .	The lawyers believed the actor .	entailment
The judge behind the manager avoided the actor .	The judge avoided the actor .	entailment
The professors near the actors believed the judge .	The professors believed the judge .	entailment
The professor behind the doctor recognized the tourist .	The professor recognized the tourist .	entailment
The tourists next to the banker thanked the president .	The tourists thanked the president .	entailment
The scientist by the authors advised the bankers .	The scientist advised the bankers .	entailment
The scientists by the senators encouraged the artist .	The scientists encouraged the artist .	entailment
The authors near the scientists introduced the managers .	The authors introduced the managers .	entailment
The actor in front of the author believed the tourist .	The actor believed the tourist .	entailment
The student in front of the bankers contacted the presidents .	The student contacted the presidents .	entailment
The actors by the judges contacted the athletes .	The actors contacted the athletes .	entailment
The lawyers near the tourist admired the presidents .	The lawyers admired the presidents .	entailment
The professors in front of the lawyers advised the actors .	The professors advised the actors .	entailment
The tourists by the judge saw the student .	The tourists saw the student .	entailment
The secretary by the athlete recommended the doctor .	The secretary recommended the doctor .	entailment
The judges in front of the tourist advised the managers .	The judges advised the managers .	entailment
The athletes behind the tourists mentioned the authors .	The athletes mentioned the authors .	entailment
The presidents in front of the senator mentioned the tourist .	The presidents mentioned the tourist .	entailment
The doctors next to the manager believed the actors .	The doctors believed the actors .	entailment
The athletes in front of the senators recognized the president .	The athletes recognized the president .	entailment
The doctor near the authors introduced the president .	The doctor introduced the president .	entailment
The authors in front of the manager believed the lawyers .	The authors believed the lawyers .	entailment
The secretary near the artist supported the athletes .	The secretary supported the athletes .	entailment
The manager by the tourists saw the lawyer .	The manager saw the lawyer .	entailment
The doctors by the students introduced the athlete .	The doctors introduced the athlete .	entailment
The presidents by the professor thanked the scientist .	The presidents thanked the scientist .	entailment
The scientists by the author advised the secretaries .	The scientists advised the secretaries .	entailment
The banker next to the professor recognized the presidents .	The banker recognized the presidents .	entailment
The secretaries behind the doctor recognized the manager .	The secretaries recognized the manager .	entailment
The senator by the artists believed the authors .	The senator believed the authors .	entailment
The actor next to the athletes contacted the scientists .	The actor contacted the scientists .	entailment
The managers in front of the senators believed the bankers .	The managers believed the bankers .	entailment
The doctors by the judges introduced the professor .	The doctors introduced the professor .	entailment
The bankers near the athletes avoided the doctors .	The bankers avoided the doctors .	entailment
The actors by the artists believed the students .	The actors believed the students .	entailment
The students next to the professor introduced the lawyer .	The students introduced the lawyer .	entailment
The lawyers near the managers stopped the secretaries .	The lawyers stopped the secretaries .	entailment
The author next to the tourist advised the lawyers .	The author advised the lawyers .	entailment
The presidents next to the secretary thanked the professor .	The presidents thanked the professor .	entailment
The actors by the president thanked the judge .	The actors thanked the judge .	entailment
The authors by the doctor advised the athlete .	The authors advised the athlete .	entailment
The president behind the actors supported the artist .	The president supported the artist .	entailment
The athlete by the scientist thanked the doctor .	The athlete thanked the doctor .	entailment
The judge next to the senator called the professors .	The judge called the professors .	entailment
The athletes in front of the judges recognized the author .	The athletes recognized the author .	entailment
The author by the artists avoided the student .	The author avoided the student .	entailment
The students by the actors contacted the artists .	The students contacted the artists .	entailment
The author behind the president avoided the athlete .	The author avoided the athlete .	entailment
The tourist behind the artists called the doctor .	The tourist called the doctor .	entailment
The authors next to the judge thanked the secretary .	The authors thanked the secretary .	entailment
The lawyer near the banker helped the doctors .	The lawyer helped the doctors .	entailment
The professors in front of the student thanked the author .	The professors thanked the author .	entailment
The banker next to the scientist contacted the professors .	The banker contacted the professors .	entailment
The authors by the student saw the professor .	The authors saw the professor .	entailment
The doctor by the judges encouraged the authors .	The doctor encouraged the authors .	entailment
The athletes near the scientists introduced the managers .	The athletes introduced the managers .	entailment
The managers near the scientist supported the artist .	The managers supported the artist .	entailment
The students by the tourist admired the authors .	The students admired the authors .	entailment
The students next to the presidents advised the senator .	The students advised the senator .	entailment
The presidents near the actors advised the scientist .	The presidents advised the scientist .	entailment
The artists behind the judge introduced the student .	The artists introduced the student .	entailment
The professors behind the bankers believed the judge .	The professors believed the judge .	entailment
The scientists next to the professor introduced the tourist .	The scientists introduced the tourist .	entailment
The senator by the author advised the bankers .	The senator advised the bankers .	entailment
The athlete behind the judge called the professor .	The athlete called the professor .	entailment
The doctors next to the manager supported the secretary .	The doctors supported the secretary .	entailment
The actors behind the senator thanked the student .	The actors thanked the student .	entailment
The actors near the managers recognized the professor .	The actors recognized the professor .	entailment
The manager next to the secretaries thanked the bankers .	The manager thanked the bankers .	entailment
The author next to the secretary thanked the judges .	The author thanked the judges .	entailment
The bankers next to the athlete supported the judge .	The bankers supported the judge .	entailment
The manager near the senator avoided the secretaries .	The manager avoided the secretaries .	entailment
The artists next to the student encouraged the tourist .	The artists encouraged the tourist .	entailment
The athletes next to the students saw the artists .	The athletes saw the artists .	entailment
The actors next to the athlete recommended the secretaries .	The actors recommended the secretaries .	entailment
The actor near the manager mentioned the scientists .	The actor mentioned the scientists .	entailment
The secretaries in front of the student thanked the professor .	The secretaries thanked the professor .	entailment
The banker by the senator advised the doctors .	The banker advised the doctors .	entailment
The professors behind the athlete called the tourists .	The professors called the tourists .	entailment
The banker next to the managers recognized the scientist .	The banker recognized the scientist .	entailment
The artist behind the managers helped the banker .	The artist helped the banker .	entailment
The secretary by the lawyers saw the athlete .	The secretary saw the athlete .	entailment
The secretary behind the lawyers supported the senator .	The secretary supported the senator .	entailment
The athlete by the president supported the doctor .	The athlete supported the doctor .	entailment
The senators in front of the actors admired the lawyer .	The senators admired the lawyer .	entailment
The actor next to the senator saw the scientist .	The actor saw the scientist .	entailment
The secretaries behind the presidents stopped the author .	The secretaries stopped the author .	entailment
The scientists in front of the athletes supported the tourist .	The scientists supported the tourist .	entailment
The senators by the authors supported the secretaries .	The senators supported the secretaries .	entailment
The lawyer in front of the artists recommended the manager .	The lawyer recommended the manager .	entailment
The judges next to the tourist supported the students .	The judges supported the students .	entailment
The author in front of the president encouraged the doctor .	The author encouraged the doctor .	entailment
The actor near the bankers helped the student .	The actor helped the student .	entailment
The judges next to the secretaries saw the student .	The judges saw the student .	entailment
The scientists in front of the presidents advised the artist .	The scientists advised the artist .	entailment
The doctors next to the judges admired the senator .	The doctors admired the senator .	entailment
The banker by the senator recommended the managers .	The banker recommended the managers .	entailment
The bankers near the scientists saw the tourists .	The bankers saw the tourists .	entailment
The professor by the tourist saw the scientists .	The professor saw the scientists .	entailment
The manager next to the professor mentioned the lawyers .	The manager mentioned the lawyers .	entailment
The lawyers next to the banker called the professors .	The lawyers called the professors .	entailment
The lawyer near the actor recognized the tourists .	The lawyer recognized the tourists .	entailment
The bankers near the secretaries avoided the lawyer .	The bankers avoided the lawyer .	entailment
The doctor in front of the actors called the secretary .	The doctor called the secretary .	entailment
The professors next to the artists encouraged the author .	The professors encouraged the author .	entailment
The senators behind the manager recommended the judges .	The senators recommended the judges .	entailment
The tourist next to the banker saw the professors .	The tourist saw the professors .	entailment
The lawyers near the manager believed the authors .	The lawyers believed the authors .	entailment
The students by the doctor contacted the lawyer .	The students contacted the lawyer .	entailment
The doctors next to the artists called the president .	The doctors called the president .	entailment
The secretaries in front of the banker thanked the judges .	The secretaries thanked the judges .	entailment
The managers next to the secretary recommended the tourist .	The managers recommended the tourist .	entailment
The author near the lawyers helped the secretaries .	The author helped the secretaries .	entailment
The banker next to the tourists introduced the senator .	The banker introduced the senator .	entailment
The artist near the manager admired the athletes .	The artist admired the athletes .	entailment
The secretary near the judges encouraged the athlete .	The secretary encouraged the athlete .	entailment
The actors by the professor helped the doctor .	The actors helped the doctor .	entailment
The lawyer near the presidents advised the secretary .	The lawyer advised the secretary .	entailment
The artists in front of the athletes admired the tourist .	The artists admired the tourist .	entailment
The professors in front of the banker introduced the managers .	The professors introduced the managers .	entailment
The judge behind the students avoided the doctors .	The judge avoided the doctors .	entailment
The presidents in front of the author believed the secretaries .	The presidents believed the secretaries .	entailment
The secretaries by the actors advised the doctor .	The secretaries advised the doctor .	entailment
The president in front of the secretary mentioned the actors .	The president mentioned the actors .	entailment
The professors behind the doctor admired the banker .	The professors admired the banker .	entailment
The authors in front of the actor helped the tourist .	The authors helped the tourist .	entailment
The actors in front of the students saw the senators .	The actors saw the senators .	entailment
The tourists near the authors recommended the professors .	The tourists recommended the professors .	entailment
The secretary behind the banker supported the author .	The secretary supported the author .	entailment
The banker behind the senator recommended the student .	The banker recommended the student .	entailment
The students by the managers stopped the athletes .	The students stopped the athletes .	entailment
The doctor in front of the tourists admired the students .	The doctor admired the students .	entailment
The judge in front of the presidents helped the tourists .	The judge helped the tourists .	entailment
The bankers next to the lawyers called the president .	The bankers called the president .	entailment
The students by the secretary believed the actors .	The students believed the actors .	entailment
The banker by the secretary supported the lawyer .	The banker supported the lawyer .	entailment
The scientists in front of the bankers recommended the lawyer .	The scientists recommended the lawyer .	entailment
The president by the actor believed the student .	The president believed the student .	entailment
The actors behind the professors thanked the secretaries .	The actors thanked the secretaries .	entailment
The actors in front of the scientists stopped the tourist .	The actors stopped the tourist .	entailment
The judges next to the tourist saw the senator .	The judges saw the senator .	entailment
The president by the artists avoided the lawyers .	The president avoided the lawyers .	entailment
The manager behind the author contacted the president .	The manager contacted the president .	entailment
The artists in front of the bankers called the authors .	The artists called the authors .	entailment
The doctor next to the president contacted the judge .	The doctor contacted the judge .	entailment
The bankers behind the manager called the students .	The bankers called the students .	entailment
The athlete by the bankers helped the lawyer .	The athlete helped the lawyer .	entailment
The senator next to the secretary stopped the student .	The senator stopped the student .	entailment
The lawyers behind the manager recommended the tourists .	The lawyers recommended the tourists .	entailment
The bankers behind the students encouraged the authors .	The bankers encouraged the authors .	entailment
The bankers near the actors mentioned the presidents .	The bankers mentioned the presidents .	entailment
The athlete by the author called the secretary .	The athlete called the secretary .	entailment
The doctor in front of the students advised the presidents .	The doctor advised the presidents .	entailment
The senators behind the athlete mentioned the artists .	The senators mentioned the artists .	entailment
The tourist next to the lawyer contacted the athletes .	The tourist contacted the athletes .	entailment
The authors in front of the scientists introduced the artists .	The authors introduced the artists .	entailment
The athlete next to the manager contacted the judges .	The athlete contacted the judges .	entailment
The senators in front of the managers believed the judge .	The senators believed the judge .	entailment
The secretary in front of the professors recognized the student .	The secretary recognized the student .	entailment
The scientist in front of the professor believed the tourist .	The scientist believed the tourist .	entailment
The actors next to the president called the professor .	The actors called the professor .	entailment
The doctor behind the artists helped the banker .	The doctor helped the banker .	entailment
The senators in front of the manager introduced the secretaries .	The senators introduced the secretaries .	entailment
The senator in front of the manager mentioned the secretary .	The senator mentioned the secretary .	entailment
The president near the managers mentioned the secretary .	The president mentioned the secretary .	entailment
The senators in front of the tourist contacted the professors .	The senators contacted the professors .	entailment
The student next to the actors contacted the lawyers .	The student contacted the lawyers .	entailment
The actors next to the secretaries saw the judges .	The actors saw the judges .	entailment
The secretaries behind the presidents contacted the banker .	The secretaries contacted the banker .	entailment
The scientists behind the student helped the athletes .	The scientists helped the athletes .	entailment
The managers next to the lawyers supported the artists .	The managers supported the artists .	entailment
The secretary by the presidents called the senators .	The secretary called the senators .	entailment
The lawyer next to the artist called the senators .	The lawyer called the senators .	entailment
The senators next to the judges called the secretary .	The senators called the secretary .	entailment
The judge next to the professors helped the actors .	The judge helped the actors .	entailment
The actor behind the banker introduced the author .	The actor introduced the author .	entailment
The secretary by the artists called the lawyers .	The secretary called the lawyers .	entailment
The president behind the student called the actor .	The president called the actor .	entailment
The actor next to the athlete thanked the artist .	The actor thanked the artist .	entailment
The athlete next to the lawyers contacted the student .	The athlete contacted the student .	entailment
The authors in front of the student contacted the banker .	The authors contacted the banker .	entailment
The authors by the professors saw the artists .	The authors saw the artists .	entailment
The artists near the tourist recognized the secretary .	The artists recognized the secretary .	entailment
The judge near the secretary supported the students .	The judge supported the students .	entailment
The tourists near the students saw the scientist .	The tourists saw the scientist .	entailment
The tourists near the scientists avoided the author .	The tourists avoided the author .	entailment
The professors by the judge advised the doctor .	The professors advised the doctor .	entailment
The artist by the actors avoided the bankers .	The artist avoided the bankers .	entailment
The artist behind the senator recognized the author .	The artist recognized the author .	entailment
The bankers near the scientist believed the authors .	The bankers believed the authors .	entailment
The scientist next to the judge recommended the senator .	The scientist recommended the senator .	entailment
The lawyer behind the doctor supported the professors .	The lawyer supported the professors .	entailment
The student next to the scientist stopped the professor .	The student stopped the professor .	entailment
The managers near the author introduced the bankers .	The managers introduced the bankers .	entailment
The doctors next to the students supported the manager .	The doctors supported the manager .	entailment
The actor behind the author saw the doctor .	The actor saw the doctor .	entailment
The scientist in front of the professor encouraged the authors .	The scientist encouraged the authors .	entailment
The authors behind the athlete saw the banker .	The authors saw the banker .	entailment
The artists behind the secretary contacted the students .	The artists contacted the students .	entailment
The scientist next to the lawyers stopped the judge .	The scientist stopped the judge .	entailment
The author next to the athletes recommended the judge .	The author recommended the judge .	entailment
The athlete in front of the president admired the professor .	The athlete admired the professor .	entailment
The tourists in front of the artist mentioned the lawyer .	The tourists mentioned the lawyer .	entailment
The athletes near the author recommended the artists .	The athletes recommended the artists .	entailment
The scientist behind the professors recommended the athletes .	The scientist recommended the athletes .	entailment
The author in front of the scientists contacted the judge .	The author contacted the judge .	entailment
The students near the doctor recognized the managers .	The students recognized the managers .	entailment
The managers next to the senator encouraged the artist .	The managers encouraged the artist .	entailment
The president behind the student stopped the actors .	The president stopped the actors .	entailment
The scientist next to the doctors called the students .	The scientist called the students .	entailment
The authors near the presidents mentioned the managers .	The authors mentioned the managers .	entailment
The judges in front of the professors contacted the lawyers .	The judges contacted the lawyers .	entailment
The lawyer in front of the judges avoided the senators .	The lawyer avoided the senators .	entailment
The presidents behind the lawyer helped the secretary .	The presidents helped the secretary .	entailment
The scientist by the students recognized the president .	The scientist recognized the president .	entailment
The lawyers near the students called the tourist .	The lawyers called the tourist .	entailment
The professors in front of the banker helped the senators .	The professors helped the senators .	entailment
The presidents next to the judges helped the artist .	The presidents helped the artist .	entailment
The students behind the lawyers called the athletes .	The students called the athletes .	entailment
The lawyers behind the actors advised the bankers .	The lawyers advised the bankers .	entailment
The secretaries behind the author introduced the lawyers .	The secretaries introduced the lawyers .	entailment
The actor in front of the artist avoided the secretary .	The actor avoided the secretary .	entailment
The secretary next to the doctors saw the students .	The secretary saw the students .	entailment
The senator next to the secretaries believed the students .	The senator believed the students .	entailment
The president near the student saw the professor .	The president saw the professor .	entailment
The scientists behind the tourist contacted the managers .	The scientists contacted the managers .	entailment
The tourists behind the bankers mentioned the secretary .	The tourists mentioned the secretary .	entailment
The secretary near the artists recommended the scientist .	The secretary recommended the scientist .	entailment
The doctor by the managers admired the author .	The doctor admired the author .	entailment
The judge behind the bankers contacted the artist .	The judge contacted the artist .	entailment
The authors in front of the president thanked the managers .	The authors thanked the managers .	entailment
The athletes in front of the judges advised the professor .	The athletes advised the professor .	entailment
The senators in front of the author recognized the presidents .	The senators recognized the presidents .	entailment
The authors in front of the professors encouraged the doctors .	The authors encouraged the doctors .	entailment
The artists by the bankers recognized the president .	The artists recognized the president .	entailment
The authors near the actor contacted the judges .	The authors contacted the judges .	entailment
The athletes near the secretaries avoided the students .	The athletes avoided the students .	entailment
The artist by the senators admired the presidents .	The artist admired the presidents .	entailment
The senator by the scientist thanked the artists .	The senator thanked the artists .	entailment
The doctors next to the scientists thanked the artists .	The doctors thanked the artists .	entailment
The secretary by the scientists advised the athlete .	The secretary advised the athlete .	entailment
The artists by the professor supported the scientists .	The artists supported the scientists .	entailment
The lawyer behind the president stopped the students .	The lawyer stopped the students .	entailment
The tourist near the scientist contacted the athlete .	The tourist contacted the athlete .	entailment
The judge behind the senators believed the banker .	The judge believed the banker .	entailment
The lawyer near the artist called the actors .	The lawyer called the actors .	entailment
The authors in front of the professors advised the students .	The authors advised the students .	entailment
The doctors next to the lawyers believed the tourist .	The doctors believed the tourist .	entailment
The doctor in front of the scientists mentioned the artist .	The doctor mentioned the artist .	entailment
The doctor by the scientists supported the tourist .	The doctor supported the tourist .	entailment
The professors by the senators recognized the student .	The professors recognized the student .	entailment
The secretaries by the bankers admired the senators .	The secretaries admired the senators .	entailment
The banker in front of the students saw the managers .	The banker saw the managers .	entailment
The senators behind the manager contacted the actors .	The senators contacted the actors .	entailment
The managers behind the secretaries supported the actors .	The managers supported the actors .	entailment
The professors in front of the author advised the secretary .	The professors advised the secretary .	entailment
The president by the artist called the doctor .	The president called the doctor .	entailment
The scientists next to the secretaries introduced the tourists .	The scientists introduced the tourists .	entailment
The professor by the bankers called the judge .	The professor called the judge .	entailment
The secretaries next to the lawyers mentioned the presidents .	The secretaries mentioned the presidents .	entailment
The lawyers in front of the scientists helped the judge .	The lawyers helped the judge .	entailment
The president by the professor called the author .	The president called the author .	entailment
The athlete near the author thanked the scientists .	The athlete thanked the scientists .	entailment
The doctor next to the artist avoided the banker .	The doctor avoided the banker .	entailment
The authors in front of the judges admired the president .	The authors admired the president .	entailment
The judges by the presidents contacted the tourists .	The judges contacted the tourists .	entailment
The doctor by the judges admired the secretaries .	The doctor admired the secretaries .	entailment
The manager next to the lawyer avoided the tourists .	The manager avoided the tourists .	entailment
The artists behind the actor believed the president .	The artists believed the president .	entailment
The scientist by the doctor recognized the actors .	The scientist recognized the actors .	entailment
The student in front of the athlete admired the lawyers .	The student admired the lawyers .	entailment
The professors behind the senator helped the judges .	The professors helped the judges .	entailment
The artists behind the senator admired the professor .	The artists admired the professor .	entailment
The actor next to the lawyers mentioned the professors .	The actor mentioned the professors .	entailment
The senators in front of the banker stopped the students .	The senators stopped the students .	entailment
The artist in front of the judges admired the author .	The artist admired the author .	entailment
The doctors by the athlete believed the scientist .	The doctors believed the scientist .	entailment
The professors near the president believed the senators .	The professors believed the senators .	entailment
The professor in front of the president called the doctors .	The professor called the doctors .	entailment
The doctor next to the professors called the presidents .	The doctor called the presidents .	entailment
The actor near the professor avoided the scientists .	The actor avoided the scientists .	entailment
The lawyer next to the author supported the judges .	The lawyer supported the judges .	entailment
The artist in front of the senator encouraged the scientist .	The artist encouraged the scientist .	entailment
The artist behind the senators advised the student .	The artist advised the student .	entailment
The presidents behind the author thanked the students .	The presidents thanked the students .	entailment
The scientist near the secretaries helped the lawyer .	The scientist helped the lawyer .	entailment
The actor in front of the banker mentioned the secretaries .	The actor mentioned the secretaries .	entailment
The judges next to the artists advised the scientist .	The judges advised the scientist .	entailment
The banker by the doctors supported the actors .	The banker supported the actors .	entailment
The senators near the actor admired the managers .	The senators admired the managers .	entailment
The banker behind the lawyer recommended the managers .	The banker recommended the managers .	entailment
The presidents by the athlete supported the artists .	The presidents supported the artists .	entailment
The senators by the authors believed the secretaries .	The senators believed the secretaries .	entailment
The athletes by the bankers stopped the student .	The athletes stopped the student .	entailment
The lawyers in front of the secretaries encouraged the scientist .	The lawyers encouraged the scientist .	entailment
The senator near the actor advised the bankers .	The senator advised the bankers .	entailment
The professors near the artist mentioned the managers .	The professors mentioned the managers .	entailment
The senators in front of the judge admired the secretaries .	The senators admired the secretaries .	entailment
The doctor near the student encouraged the tourist .	The doctor encouraged the tourist .	entailment
The tourist by the student thanked the secretaries .	The tourist thanked the secretaries .	entailment
The athlete near the student stopped the professors .	The athlete stopped the professors .	entailment
The senator by the professors contacted the scientists .	The senator contacted the scientists .	entailment
The bankers next to the artist believed the professor .	The bankers believed the professor .	entailment
The professor in front of the senator supported the secretaries .	The professor supported the secretaries .	entailment
The scientists in front of the doctors recognized the secretaries .	The scientists recognized the secretaries .	entailment
The actor in front of the president helped the tourists .	The actor helped the tourists .	entailment
The athletes behind the bankers admired the president .	The athletes admired the president .	entailment
The artists by the lawyers recommended the secretaries .	The artists recommended the secretaries .	entailment
The tourists by the scientist avoided the artists .	The tourists avoided the artists .	entailment
The artist behind the presidents admired the bankers .	The artist admired the bankers .	entailment
The manager in front of the presidents mentioned the tourist .	The manager mentioned the tourist .	entailment
The banker behind the student helped the scientists .	The banker helped the scientists .	entailment
The tourists in front of the athlete called the senator .	The tourists called the senator .	entailment
The scientist by the students mentioned the actor .	The scientist mentioned the actor .	entailment
The doctors by the author avoided the lawyers .	The doctors avoided the lawyers .	entailment
The artist in front of the student advised the authors .	The artist advised the authors .	entailment
The scientists near the doctors encouraged the manager .	The scientists encouraged the manager .	entailment
The presidents by the tourist believed the managers .	The presidents believed the managers .	entailment
The bankers next to the president encouraged the professor .	The bankers encouraged the professor .	entailment
The artist behind the scientists saw the president .	The artist saw the president .	entailment
The judge next to the bankers introduced the actor .	The judge introduced the actor .	entailment
The doctor next to the artist saw the judges .	The doctor saw the judges .	entailment
The artists by the managers recognized the doctors .	The artists recognized the doctors .	entailment
The student next to the tourists admired the secretary .	The student admired the secretary .	entailment
The authors by the managers supported the secretary .	The authors supported the secretary .	entailment
The banker behind the lawyer called the artists .	The banker called the artists .	entailment
The secretaries behind the doctors saw the scientists .	The secretaries saw the scientists .	entailment
The professor behind the actor stopped the secretaries .	The professor stopped the secretaries .	entailment
The professor near the tourist recognized the students .	The professor recognized the students .	entailment
The managers by the bankers advised the student .	The managers advised the student .	entailment
The bankers near the scientist thanked the author .	The bankers thanked the author .	entailment
The actors in front of the presidents supported the tourists .	The actors supported the tourists .	entailment
The students near the secretaries advised the professors .	The students advised the professors .	entailment
The doctors by the students recommended the lawyers .	The doctors recommended the lawyers .	entailment
The scientist near the bankers saw the lawyers .	The scientist saw the lawyers .	entailment
The students in front of the manager admired the athlete .	The students admired the athlete .	entailment
The scientist in front of the secretary advised the judge .	The scientist advised the judge .	entailment
The student near the professors stopped the banker .	The student stopped the banker .	entailment
The professor near the scientists recognized the lawyers .	The professor recognized the lawyers .	entailment
The managers behind the secretary recognized the tourist .	The managers recognized the tourist .	entailment
The president next to the senator saw the managers .	The president saw the managers .	entailment
The secretary behind the athlete contacted the presidents .	The secretary contacted the presidents .	entailment
The banker behind the doctors admired the managers .	The banker admired the managers .	entailment
The professors next to the authors mentioned the students .	The professors mentioned the students .	entailment
The author by the actor saw the manager .	The author saw the manager .	entailment
The scientist by the authors admired the student .	The scientist admired the student .	entailment
The judges behind the athlete contacted the actor .	The judges contacted the actor .	entailment
The doctors in front of the judges stopped the student .	The doctors stopped the student .	entailment
The doctors by the judges called the professors .	The doctors called the professors .	entailment
The secretary near the author mentioned the tourist .	The secretary mentioned the tourist .	entailment
The presidents behind the senators saw the author .	The presidents saw the author .	entailment
The tourist next to the banker stopped the senator .	The tourist stopped the senator .	entailment
The secretaries next to the student contacted the tourist .	The secretaries contacted the tourist .	entailment
The senators in front of the athlete stopped the tourist .	The senators stopped the tourist .	entailment
The banker next to the athlete stopped the doctors .	The banker stopped the doctors .	entailment
The artists by the tourists called the judges .	The artists called the judges .	entailment
The senator near the scientist called the managers .	The senator called the managers .	entailment
The judges in front of the senator thanked the author .	The judges thanked the author .	entailment
The senators near the professors saw the tourist .	The senators saw the tourist .	entailment
The athlete next to the tourists helped the scientists .	The athlete helped the scientists .	entailment
The actor by the tourists thanked the secretary .	The actor thanked the secretary .	entailment
The bankers near the presidents supported the senators .	The bankers supported the senators .	entailment
The secretary in front of the author saw the professors .	The secretary saw the professors .	entailment
The president behind the senator stopped the authors .	The president stopped the authors .	entailment
The artist near the professor encouraged the authors .	The artist encouraged the authors .	entailment
The scientists behind the author recommended the professors .	The scientists recommended the professors .	entailment
The athlete behind the scientists helped the secretaries .	The athlete helped the secretaries .	entailment
The senator in front of the secretaries recommended the athlete .	The senator recommended the athlete .	entailment
The tourists by the actors advised the secretary .	The tourists advised the secretary .	entailment
The athlete near the tourists helped the managers .	The athlete helped the managers .	entailment
The artists near the banker recommended the doctors .	The artists recommended the doctors .	entailment
The athlete by the lawyers contacted the secretaries .	The athlete contacted the secretaries .	entailment
The doctors in front of the president helped the tourists .	The doctors helped the tourists .	entailment
The artist next to the bankers saw the president .	The artist saw the president .	entailment
The scientists next to the manager admired the athletes .	The scientists admired the athletes .	entailment
The authors next to the judge mentioned the students .	The authors mentioned the students .	entailment
The managers near the students introduced the professor .	The managers introduced the professor .	entailment
The student next to the bankers recognized the lawyers .	The student recognized the lawyers .	entailment
The judges by the actor avoided the athletes .	The judges avoided the athletes .	entailment
The senator by the authors believed the actor .	The senator believed the actor .	entailment
The scientist behind the lawyer admired the doctors .	The scientist admired the doctors .	entailment
The banker next to the artists contacted the students .	The banker contacted the students .	entailment
The lawyer next to the judges recommended the artists .	The lawyer recommended the artists .	entailment
The bankers behind the athletes saw the professors .	The bankers saw the professors .	entailment
The students next to the scientists helped the actors .	The students helped the actors .	entailment
The banker by the students admired the authors .	The banker admired the authors .	entailment
The president behind the managers supported the athlete .	The president supported the athlete .	entailment
The managers by the scientists contacted the artist .	The managers contacted the artist .	entailment
The secretary in front of the athlete advised the doctors .	The secretary advised the doctors .	entailment
The authors near the bankers recognized the athletes .	The authors recognized the athletes .	entailment
The judge next to the senator advised the athletes .	The judge advised the athletes .	entailment
The author behind the bankers helped the lawyer .	The author helped the lawyer .	entailment
The authors near the tourists encouraged the president .	The authors encouraged the president .	entailment
The scientists by the students stopped the authors .	The scientists stopped the authors .	entailment
The tourist next to the judges mentioned the artists .	The tourist mentioned the artists .	entailment
The athletes next to the professors contacted the judge .	The athletes contacted the judge .	entailment
The athletes in front of the artist recommended the tourist .	The athletes recommended the tourist .	entailment
The secretaries in front of the managers supported the judges .	The secretaries supported the judges .	entailment
The senators near the judge helped the student .	The senators helped the student .	entailment
The actor next to the artist advised the banker .	The actor advised the banker .	entailment
The artists by the actors called the students .	The artists called the students .	entailment
The artist by the manager advised the judge .	The artist advised the judge .	entailment
The secretary next to the president advised the tourists .	The secretary advised the tourists .	entailment
The scientists next to the lawyer recommended the authors .	The scientists recommended the authors .	entailment
The scientists in front of the senator recognized the secretaries .	The scientists recognized the secretaries .	entailment
The students behind the authors introduced the tourist .	The students introduced the tourist .	entailment
The senator next to the professors saw the actors .	The senator saw the actors .	entailment
The author next to the professors thanked the scientists .	The author thanked the scientists .	entailment
The president by the artist encouraged the secretary .	The president encouraged the secretary .	entailment
The athlete by the doctors encouraged the senator .	The athlete encouraged the senator .	entailment
The tourists in front of the artist supported the actor .	The tourists supported the actor .	entailment
The tourists in front of the bankers encouraged the presidents .	The tourists encouraged the presidents .	entailment
The author next to the secretaries called the artists .	The author called the artists .	entailment
The managers by the author encouraged the lawyer .	The managers encouraged the lawyer .	entailment
The bankers by the scientist mentioned the judges .	The bankers mentioned the judges .	entailment
The students by the president mentioned the lawyers .	The students mentioned the lawyers .	entailment
The doctors by the scientist admired the presidents .	The doctors admired the presidents .	entailment
The tourist by the student advised the judge .	The tourist advised the judge .	entailment
The banker behind the managers saw the tourists .	The banker saw the tourists .	entailment
The lawyers next to the judges introduced the managers .	The lawyers introduced the managers .	entailment
The lawyer by the secretary believed the president .	The lawyer believed the president .	entailment
The senator behind the tourist avoided the managers .	The senator avoided the managers .	entailment
The bankers next to the scientists introduced the professor .	The bankers introduced the professor .	entailment
The tourist behind the banker mentioned the lawyer .	The tourist mentioned the lawyer .	entailment
The scientists near the lawyer encouraged the students .	The scientists encouraged the students .	entailment
The students by the actor introduced the tourists .	The students introduced the tourists .	entailment
The professors who introduced the lawyers admired the managers .	The professors admired the managers .	entailment
The actors that danced saw the author .	The actors saw the author .	entailment
The artist who the athletes helped contacted the managers .	The artist contacted the managers .	entailment
The doctor who believed the judge helped the tourist .	The doctor helped the tourist .	entailment
The lawyers who thanked the student recommended the tourist .	The lawyers recommended the tourist .	entailment
The students that admired the presidents supported the professor .	The students supported the professor .	entailment
The athlete that performed mentioned the professors .	The athlete mentioned the professors .	entailment
The doctors who the presidents contacted recognized the tourists .	The doctors recognized the tourists .	entailment
The judge who waited thanked the athletes .	The judge thanked the athletes .	entailment
The professors who waited stopped the judges .	The professors stopped the judges .	entailment
The banker that the student thanked avoided the author .	The banker avoided the author .	entailment
The manager who called the tourist saw the judges .	The manager saw the judges .	entailment
The artists who waited admired the scientist .	The artists admired the scientist .	entailment
The actor who the senators recommended saw the manager .	The actor saw the manager .	entailment
The student that stopped the judges advised the secretaries .	The student advised the secretaries .	entailment
The managers that supported the artist recommended the banker .	The managers recommended the banker .	entailment
The senators who saw the athlete avoided the scientist .	The senators avoided the scientist .	entailment
The senators who supported the author helped the athlete .	The senators helped the athlete .	entailment
The author that admired the senators recognized the professor .	The author recognized the professor .	entailment
The secretary who the athlete avoided helped the manager .	The secretary helped the manager .	entailment
The actors that shouted avoided the students .	The actors avoided the students .	entailment
The judge that danced encouraged the author .	The judge encouraged the author .	entailment
The senator that mentioned the manager advised the artist .	The senator advised the artist .	entailment
The presidents that performed encouraged the tourists .	The presidents encouraged the tourists .	entailment
The senators that performed contacted the president .	The senators contacted the president .	entailment
The scientist who the judge helped supported the tourists .	The scientist supported the tourists .	entailment
The tourists that performed mentioned the manager .	The tourists mentioned the manager .	entailment
The athletes who arrived recognized the bankers .	The athletes recognized the bankers .	entailment
The manager that arrived helped the secretary .	The manager helped the secretary .	entailment
The actor who stopped the tourists admired the scientists .	The actor admired the scientists .	entailment
The president who ran helped the authors .	The president helped the authors .	entailment
The students that slept admired the artist .	The students admired the artist .	entailment
The manager that the secretaries advised called the athlete .	The manager called the athlete .	entailment
The actor that avoided the authors recognized the tourist .	The actor recognized the tourist .	entailment
The student who the tourists recognized saw the doctors .	The student saw the doctors .	entailment
The doctor that resigned encouraged the senators .	The doctor encouraged the senators .	entailment
The doctors who the actors recommended saw the bankers .	The doctors saw the bankers .	entailment
The president who danced avoided the bankers .	The president avoided the bankers .	entailment
The secretaries who the manager admired mentioned the doctors .	The secretaries mentioned the doctors .	entailment
The banker who danced saw the secretaries .	The banker saw the secretaries .	entailment
The scientist who advised the professors supported the author .	The scientist supported the author .	entailment
The artist that resigned stopped the actors .	The artist stopped the actors .	entailment
The secretaries that performed contacted the manager .	The secretaries contacted the manager .	entailment
The professors that advised the senators introduced the author .	The professors introduced the author .	entailment
The presidents who waited thanked the tourist .	The presidents thanked the tourist .	entailment
The judge who recognized the president thanked the authors .	The judge thanked the authors .	entailment
The actors that slept supported the doctor .	The actors supported the doctor .	entailment
The senator who ran mentioned the doctors .	The senator mentioned the doctors .	entailment
The artist that thanked the scientist encouraged the doctors .	The artist encouraged the doctors .	entailment
The secretaries that the presidents thanked called the judge .	The secretaries called the judge .	entailment
The professor who the senator recommended helped the secretaries .	The professor helped the secretaries .	entailment
The tourists that stopped the manager saw the athletes .	The tourists saw the athletes .	entailment
The author that the tourists introduced helped the lawyer .	The author helped the lawyer .	entailment
The bankers who the author admired recognized the scientists .	The bankers recognized the scientists .	entailment
The athletes who stopped the bankers mentioned the managers .	The athletes mentioned the managers .	entailment
The athletes that the authors supported recommended the secretaries .	The athletes recommended the secretaries .	entailment
The senators that the authors stopped called the student .	The senators called the student .	entailment
The secretary who arrived encouraged the athletes .	The secretary encouraged the athletes .	entailment
The professors that shouted thanked the athlete .	The professors thanked the athlete .	entailment
The secretary that the judges contacted avoided the student .	The secretary avoided the student .	entailment
The tourists that performed mentioned the artist .	The tourists mentioned the artist .	entailment
The actors who the managers saw stopped the doctor .	The actors stopped the doctor .	entailment
The students who danced admired the doctor .	The students admired the doctor .	entailment
The senators who stopped the manager saw the actor .	The senators saw the actor .	entailment
The banker that recognized the managers stopped the president .	The banker stopped the president .	entailment
The secretaries who the judges contacted called the artists .	The secretaries called the artists .	entailment
The tourist who waited recommended the athlete .	The tourist recommended the athlete .	entailment
The senators who thanked the tourists saw the secretary .	The senators saw the secretary .	entailment
The authors who performed advised the doctor .	The authors advised the doctor .	entailment
The manager that shouted believed the author .	The manager believed the author .	entailment
The scientists who the bankers recognized avoided the secretaries .	The scientists avoided the secretaries .	entailment
The author who the student helped called the professor .	The author called the professor .	entailment
The judge who the professor contacted introduced the author .	The judge introduced the author .	entailment
The tourists that resigned mentioned the senator .	The tourists mentioned the senator .	entailment
The author who slept introduced the tourist .	The author introduced the tourist .	entailment
The senator that shouted saw the author .	The senator saw the author .	entailment
The presidents that introduced the bankers recognized the authors .	The presidents recognized the authors .	entailment
The artist that the tourists supported believed the scientists .	The artist believed the scientists .	entailment
The scientist who saw the professor stopped the actors .	The scientist stopped the actors .	entailment
The president who the tourists contacted supported the lawyer .	The president supported the lawyer .	entailment
The lawyers that the professors supported helped the students .	The lawyers helped the students .	entailment
The secretary that the lawyers avoided believed the professor .	The secretary believed the professor .	entailment
The professor who danced believed the senator .	The professor believed the senator .	entailment
The senator that performed admired the authors .	The senator admired the authors .	entailment
The artist who believed the professor called the presidents .	The artist called the presidents .	entailment
The senators that waited admired the secretaries .	The senators admired the secretaries .	entailment
The secretaries who the judges advised avoided the professor .	The secretaries avoided the professor .	entailment
The scientist who mentioned the professor thanked the athletes .	The scientist thanked the athletes .	entailment
The senators who saw the secretary supported the lawyer .	The senators supported the lawyer .	entailment
The senator who waited encouraged the tourists .	The senator encouraged the tourists .	entailment
The student that waited thanked the secretaries .	The student thanked the secretaries .	entailment
The actor who admired the managers supported the lawyer .	The actor supported the lawyer .	entailment
The students who contacted the secretaries supported the manager .	The students supported the manager .	entailment
The secretaries who believed the actor recommended the managers .	The secretaries recommended the managers .	entailment
The secretary that saw the banker recognized the authors .	The secretary recognized the authors .	entailment
The lawyers that the student encouraged mentioned the tourist .	The lawyers mentioned the tourist .	entailment
The president that the professors contacted supported the scientists .	The president supported the scientists .	entailment
The scientists that admired the author stopped the president .	The scientists stopped the president .	entailment
The tourists who encouraged the scientist helped the managers .	The tourists helped the managers .	entailment
The scientists that danced recognized the judge .	The scientists recognized the judge .	entailment
The professor that the athlete called stopped the doctors .	The professor stopped the doctors .	entailment
The author who the professor introduced recognized the senators .	The author recognized the senators .	entailment
The doctors who supported the secretary mentioned the president .	The doctors mentioned the president .	entailment
The professor that the tourist encouraged recognized the judges .	The professor recognized the judges .	entailment
The student who performed contacted the tourist .	The student contacted the tourist .	entailment
The senator that waited introduced the president .	The senator introduced the president .	entailment
The artist that resigned avoided the judge .	The artist avoided the judge .	entailment
The secretary that helped the senator contacted the scientists .	The secretary contacted the scientists .	entailment
The manager that recognized the scientist mentioned the actor .	The manager mentioned the actor .	entailment
The judges who danced saw the professors .	The judges saw the professors .	entailment
The judge that the professor recommended avoided the actor .	The judge avoided the actor .	entailment
The manager who admired the lawyer believed the doctors .	The manager believed the doctors .	entailment
The senator that waited contacted the actors .	The senator contacted the actors .	entailment
The scientists who the presidents believed recommended the students .	The scientists recommended the students .	entailment
The manager that the bankers mentioned thanked the scientist .	The manager thanked the scientist .	entailment
The scientist that shouted advised the president .	The scientist advised the president .	entailment
The president that the authors encouraged supported the banker .	The president supported the banker .	entailment
The doctors who performed called the secretaries .	The doctors called the secretaries .	entailment
The tourists who slept contacted the artists .	The tourists contacted the artists .	entailment
The doctor who mentioned the presidents advised the bankers .	The doctor advised the bankers .	entailment
The author who the tourist thanked recommended the presidents .	The author recommended the presidents .	entailment
The artists that advised the athletes believed the senator .	The artists believed the senator .	entailment
The presidents who the tourist called mentioned the athletes .	The presidents mentioned the athletes .	entailment
The judge that introduced the managers contacted the professors .	The judge contacted the professors .	entailment
The secretaries who shouted supported the tourist .	The secretaries supported the tourist .	entailment
The authors who arrived thanked the athletes .	The authors thanked the athletes .	entailment
The manager who encouraged the scientist admired the author .	The manager admired the author .	entailment
The scientists that slept recognized the bankers .	The scientists recognized the bankers .	entailment
The actor that the senators admired believed the secretary .	The actor believed the secretary .	entailment
The student who arrived introduced the doctor .	The student introduced the doctor .	entailment
The secretary who saw the judges advised the doctors .	The secretary advised the doctors .	entailment
The manager that slept helped the judge .	The manager helped the judge .	entailment
The doctors that waited stopped the banker .	The doctors stopped the banker .	entailment
The athletes that advised the president believed the artists .	The athletes believed the artists .	entailment
The athlete that waited called the professor .	The athlete called the professor .	entailment
The tourists that the artists saw supported the lawyers .	The tourists supported the lawyers .	entailment
The scientists who admired the students called the president .	The scientists called the president .	entailment
The lawyer who avoided the presidents mentioned the banker .	The lawyer mentioned the banker .	entailment
The athletes who danced admired the scientist .	The athletes admired the scientist .	entailment
The president that avoided the banker believed the judges .	The president believed the judges .	entailment
The judge who shouted called the senators .	The judge called the senators .	entailment
The manager who the artists recognized saw the senators .	The manager saw the senators .	entailment
The lawyers that admired the author saw the professors .	The lawyers saw the professors .	entailment
The presidents that performed thanked the actor .	The presidents thanked the actor .	entailment
The tourists that recognized the doctors thanked the author .	The tourists thanked the author .	entailment
The scientists who admired the lawyers believed the actors .	The scientists believed the actors .	entailment
The senator who danced introduced the artist .	The senator introduced the artist .	entailment
The managers that the scientists advised thanked the senator .	The managers thanked the senator .	entailment
The professors that danced admired the doctor .	The professors admired the doctor .	entailment
The tourist that shouted advised the athletes .	The tourist advised the athletes .	entailment
The secretaries that the professors believed encouraged the president .	The secretaries encouraged the president .	entailment
The artists who the secretary advised helped the president .	The artists helped the president .	entailment
The authors who the artist advised introduced the doctors .	The authors introduced the doctors .	entailment
The bankers that recommended the athlete stopped the presidents .	The bankers stopped the presidents .	entailment
The manager that the senator introduced encouraged the lawyer .	The manager encouraged the lawyer .	entailment
The athlete who shouted called the senator .	The athlete called the senator .	entailment
The banker who arrived avoided the tourist .	The banker avoided the tourist .	entailment
The scientist that the actors recognized encouraged the managers .	The scientist encouraged the managers .	entailment
The scientist that the professors saw recognized the manager .	The scientist recognized the manager .	entailment
The lawyer who resigned believed the managers .	The lawyer believed the managers .	entailment
The senator who advised the secretary mentioned the scientists .	The senator mentioned the scientists .	entailment
The scientists who ran contacted the artists .	The scientists contacted the artists .	entailment
The students who avoided the bankers thanked the managers .	The students thanked the managers .	entailment
The lawyers who the scientists avoided saw the professors .	The lawyers saw the professors .	entailment
The tourists that supported the artists believed the professors .	The tourists believed the professors .	entailment
The artists that waited contacted the judge .	The artists contacted the judge .	entailment
The student that arrived contacted the secretaries .	The student contacted the secretaries .	entailment
The tourists who waited called the professor .	The tourists called the professor .	entailment
The athletes who helped the manager introduced the scientist .	The athletes introduced the scientist .	entailment
The president who believed the students advised the athletes .	The president advised the athletes .	entailment
The doctor that advised the presidents introduced the actors .	The doctor introduced the actors .	entailment
The lawyers who slept encouraged the senator .	The lawyers encouraged the senator .	entailment
The student who advised the lawyers avoided the judge .	The student avoided the judge .	entailment
The judge who called the doctors encouraged the athletes .	The judge encouraged the athletes .	entailment
The artist that arrived recommended the banker .	The artist recommended the banker .	entailment
The manager who the artists introduced thanked the doctors .	The manager thanked the doctors .	entailment
The student who resigned stopped the senator .	The student stopped the senator .	entailment
The manager that shouted saw the banker .	The manager saw the banker .	entailment
The student who shouted called the athletes .	The student called the athletes .	entailment
The authors who arrived supported the actor .	The authors supported the actor .	entailment
The student that advised the senator thanked the tourist .	The student thanked the tourist .	entailment
The tourists who waited recommended the manager .	The tourists recommended the manager .	entailment
The scientist who performed recognized the professors .	The scientist recognized the professors .	entailment
The tourists that stopped the doctors avoided the author .	The tourists avoided the author .	entailment
The tourists who mentioned the managers introduced the actors .	The tourists introduced the actors .	entailment
The doctors who thanked the students recognized the athletes .	The doctors recognized the athletes .	entailment
The actors who supported the doctors contacted the judge .	The actors contacted the judge .	entailment
The doctor who the senators called avoided the student .	The doctor avoided the student .	entailment
The secretary who the athletes avoided contacted the judges .	The secretary contacted the judges .	entailment
The actors that thanked the professors saw the presidents .	The actors saw the presidents .	entailment
The lawyers who shouted recommended the president .	The lawyers recommended the president .	entailment
The judge who arrived called the presidents .	The judge called the presidents .	entailment
The athletes that danced believed the senator .	The athletes believed the senator .	entailment
The doctor that the actor advised stopped the athletes .	The doctor stopped the athletes .	entailment
The artists who mentioned the tourist recognized the lawyers .	The artists recognized the lawyers .	entailment
The authors who encouraged the secretary stopped the president .	The authors stopped the president .	entailment
The actors who ran recognized the doctors .	The actors recognized the doctors .	entailment
The presidents that the artist believed thanked the doctor .	The presidents thanked the doctor .	entailment
The managers who waited encouraged the artist .	The managers encouraged the artist .	entailment
The tourist that recommended the actors supported the student .	The tourist supported the student .	entailment
The secretary that ran believed the judge .	The secretary believed the judge .	entailment
The tourist that saw the presidents admired the athlete .	The tourist admired the athlete .	entailment
The author that avoided the scientist believed the students .	The author believed the students .	entailment
The professor that the managers contacted recommended the senator .	The professor recommended the senator .	entailment
The authors that ran advised the athlete .	The authors advised the athlete .	entailment
The secretaries who performed supported the senator .	The secretaries supported the senator .	entailment
The students that helped the actors advised the lawyers .	The students advised the lawyers .	entailment
The bankers who the scientists admired encouraged the author .	The bankers encouraged the author .	entailment
The artists that the manager helped thanked the professors .	The artists thanked the professors .	entailment
The managers that shouted called the scientists .	The managers called the scientists .	entailment
The judges who arrived supported the artists .	The judges supported the artists .	entailment
The doctor who the banker introduced helped the actors .	The doctor helped the actors .	entailment
The secretaries who resigned thanked the bankers .	The secretaries thanked the bankers .	entailment
The scientists that the secretary introduced recommended the tourist .	The scientists recommended the tourist .	entailment
The judge who arrived thanked the secretaries .	The judge thanked the secretaries .	entailment
The lawyer who shouted recommended the judges .	The lawyer recommended the judges .	entailment
The professors that waited helped the manager .	The professors helped the manager .	entailment
The manager that recommended the professor avoided the authors .	The manager avoided the authors .	entailment
The manager that advised the actors recognized the athletes .	The manager recognized the athletes .	entailment
The banker who the doctor helped encouraged the actor .	The banker encouraged the actor .	entailment
The artists who performed admired the doctor .	The artists admired the doctor .	entailment
The secretaries who avoided the author admired the artists .	The secretaries admired the artists .	entailment
The actor who the artist thanked advised the manager .	The actor advised the manager .	entailment
The scientist that danced mentioned the actors .	The scientist mentioned the actors .	entailment
The actors who ran encouraged the senator .	The actors encouraged the senator .	entailment
The manager that called the senator helped the author .	The manager helped the author .	entailment
The professor that called the scientists contacted the managers .	The professor contacted the managers .	entailment
The doctors that shouted believed the presidents .	The doctors believed the presidents .	entailment
The student who waited stopped the presidents .	The student stopped the presidents .	entailment
The doctor who ran recognized the managers .	The doctor recognized the managers .	entailment
The athlete who recognized the lawyer avoided the banker .	The athlete avoided the banker .	entailment
The managers that introduced the secretaries believed the doctor .	The managers believed the doctor .	entailment
The tourist who the actors avoided stopped the students .	The tourist stopped the students .	entailment
The artist who called the tourists encouraged the athletes .	The artist encouraged the athletes .	entailment
The manager that stopped the tourist helped the judges .	The manager helped the judges .	entailment
The scientists who the senators advised recommended the actors .	The scientists recommended the actors .	entailment
The artist that avoided the manager called the athlete .	The artist called the athlete .	entailment
The athletes who mentioned the scientist avoided the judge .	The athletes avoided the judge .	entailment
The senators that supported the manager recognized the artist .	The senators recognized the artist .	entailment
The students that advised the lawyer supported the bankers .	The students supported the bankers .	entailment
The author that the athlete saw admired the secretary .	The author admired the secretary .	entailment
The managers who the actor helped admired the senator .	The managers admired the senator .	entailment
The author that waited helped the managers .	The author helped the managers .	entailment
The senator who admired the actors encouraged the professor .	The senator encouraged the professor .	entailment
The bankers who performed avoided the student .	The bankers avoided the student .	entailment
The tourist who the professors recognized helped the senators .	The tourist helped the senators .	entailment
The presidents that the professors helped saw the manager .	The presidents saw the manager .	entailment
The tourists that waited introduced the senators .	The tourists introduced the senators .	entailment
The student that mentioned the senators recognized the artists .	The student recognized the artists .	entailment
The senators that the students supported advised the professors .	The senators advised the professors .	entailment
The judge that danced helped the professors .	The judge helped the professors .	entailment
The bankers who encouraged the scientist recommended the students .	The bankers recommended the students .	entailment
The senator who avoided the presidents helped the authors .	The senator helped the authors .	entailment
The doctors who advised the senators recommended the lawyer .	The doctors recommended the lawyer .	entailment
The student who stopped the presidents saw the scientists .	The student saw the scientists .	entailment
The doctor that arrived introduced the banker .	The doctor introduced the banker .	entailment
The presidents who mentioned the banker introduced the actors .	The presidents introduced the actors .	entailment
The professor that saw the scientists recognized the actors .	The professor recognized the actors .	entailment
The doctor who danced contacted the tourist .	The doctor contacted the tourist .	entailment
The tourists who contacted the author believed the students .	The tourists believed the students .	entailment
The judge who the scientist advised mentioned the professor .	The judge mentioned the professor .	entailment
The senators that helped the students called the manager .	The senators called the manager .	entailment
The banker who slept recognized the judges .	The banker recognized the judges .	entailment
The actors who thanked the students admired the secretaries .	The actors admired the secretaries .	entailment
The doctors that shouted believed the professors .	The doctors believed the professors .	entailment
The author who resigned recognized the judges .	The author recognized the judges .	entailment
The manager that arrived believed the lawyers .	The manager believed the lawyers .	entailment
The secretaries who the tourists introduced encouraged the doctor .	The secretaries encouraged the doctor .	entailment
The presidents who advised the actor recognized the judges .	The presidents recognized the judges .	entailment
The actors that believed the president contacted the managers .	The actors contacted the managers .	entailment
The athletes that recognized the judge recommended the students .	The athletes recommended the students .	entailment
The managers who supported the actor stopped the authors .	The managers stopped the authors .	entailment
The judge who arrived admired the artist .	The judge admired the artist .	entailment
The student who believed the doctor encouraged the athletes .	The student encouraged the athletes .	entailment
The authors who slept saw the athletes .	The authors saw the athletes .	entailment
The managers who introduced the presidents helped the students .	The managers helped the students .	entailment
The students who the judge mentioned believed the secretary .	The students believed the secretary .	entailment
The actors who waited mentioned the secretary .	The actors mentioned the secretary .	entailment
The athlete that the students mentioned called the presidents .	The athlete called the presidents .	entailment
The president that the lawyer admired advised the scientists .	The president advised the scientists .	entailment
The senators who the students believed recommended the secretaries .	The senators recommended the secretaries .	entailment
The senator who shouted mentioned the professor .	The senator mentioned the professor .	entailment
The artists who the bankers stopped encouraged the tourists .	The artists encouraged the tourists .	entailment
The tourists that the bankers supported avoided the judge .	The tourists avoided the judge .	entailment
The actor that waited believed the scientists .	The actor believed the scientists .	entailment
The judges that mentioned the lawyer avoided the artist .	The judges avoided the artist .	entailment
The actor who the students stopped helped the senators .	The actor helped the senators .	entailment
The manager who introduced the secretary contacted the athlete .	The manager contacted the athlete .	entailment
The bankers who the judge admired called the managers .	The bankers called the managers .	entailment
The students who resigned helped the banker .	The students helped the banker .	entailment
The actors who ran advised the authors .	The actors advised the authors .	entailment
The professor that helped the actor admired the students .	The professor admired the students .	entailment
The artists that the lawyers introduced avoided the athlete .	The artists avoided the athlete .	entailment
The judge who the banker contacted mentioned the senators .	The judge mentioned the senators .	entailment
The bankers that contacted the professors called the student .	The bankers called the student .	entailment
The secretary that waited believed the artists .	The secretary believed the artists .	entailment
The managers that performed thanked the athlete .	The managers thanked the athlete .	entailment
The judge who the actors avoided admired the scientists .	The judge admired the scientists .	entailment
The athlete who introduced the tourists recognized the managers .	The athlete recognized the managers .	entailment
The artists that the professor mentioned helped the student .	The artists helped the student .	entailment
The lawyers who supported the doctor recommended the manager .	The lawyers recommended the manager .	entailment
The artist who performed called the judge .	The artist called the judge .	entailment
The senator who advised the doctor stopped the actors .	The senator stopped the actors .	entailment
The manager that waited advised the doctors .	The manager advised the doctors .	entailment
The authors who helped the judges admired the bankers .	The authors admired the bankers .	entailment
The senators who performed advised the tourists .	The senators advised the tourists .	entailment
The secretary that the scientists encouraged stopped the lawyers .	The secretary stopped the lawyers .	entailment
The student who the senator saw encouraged the secretary .	The student encouraged the secretary .	entailment
The artist that admired the banker avoided the student .	The artist avoided the student .	entailment
The professors who the managers called encouraged the banker .	The professors encouraged the banker .	entailment
The lawyers that thanked the secretary mentioned the senators .	The lawyers mentioned the senators .	entailment
The doctor who advised the secretary thanked the judges .	The doctor thanked the judges .	entailment
The athlete who the lawyers avoided introduced the artist .	The athlete introduced the artist .	entailment
The athletes who resigned helped the professors .	The athletes helped the professors .	entailment
The professors that admired the banker recommended the student .	The professors recommended the student .	entailment
The scientists who ran supported the senator .	The scientists supported the senator .	entailment
The scientist that admired the bankers believed the athletes .	The scientist believed the athletes .	entailment
The lawyer that helped the manager encouraged the scientists .	The lawyer encouraged the scientists .	entailment
The presidents who danced contacted the secretary .	The presidents contacted the secretary .	entailment
The professors that contacted the tourists stopped the judges .	The professors stopped the judges .	entailment
The actors that slept believed the lawyer .	The actors believed the lawyer .	entailment
The scientist who the president admired thanked the banker .	The scientist thanked the banker .	entailment
The doctor who arrived introduced the actor .	The doctor introduced the actor .	entailment
The scientist that waited admired the tourists .	The scientist admired the tourists .	entailment
The judge that avoided the presidents introduced the scientist .	The judge introduced the scientist .	entailment
The students who waited admired the secretaries .	The students admired the secretaries .	entailment
The manager who waited contacted the secretaries .	The manager contacted the secretaries .	entailment
The senator who waited recommended the judges .	The senator recommended the judges .	entailment
The student that advised the president admired the author .	The student admired the author .	entailment
The students that contacted the judges stopped the artist .	The students stopped the artist .	entailment
The banker who arrived believed the senators .	The banker believed the senators .	entailment
The professor who saw the president advised the tourists .	The professor advised the tourists .	entailment
The professor who the secretary contacted encouraged the managers .	The professor encouraged the managers .	entailment
The scientists that slept introduced the senators .	The scientists introduced the senators .	entailment
The scientist that resigned called the secretary .	The scientist called the secretary .	entailment
The scientists that arrived encouraged the tourists .	The scientists encouraged the tourists .	entailment
The scientist that ran helped the tourist .	The scientist helped the tourist .	entailment
The banker that waited introduced the senators .	The banker introduced the senators .	entailment
The senator who the athletes mentioned recommended the banker .	The senator recommended the banker .	entailment
The managers that saw the lawyer advised the judge .	The managers advised the judge .	entailment
The senator that the lawyers contacted called the tourist .	The senator called the tourist .	entailment
The doctor who arrived thanked the tourist .	The doctor thanked the tourist .	entailment
The senators that shouted encouraged the students .	The senators encouraged the students .	entailment
The senator who the doctor contacted mentioned the scientist .	The senator mentioned the scientist .	entailment
The athletes that slept advised the judge .	The athletes advised the judge .	entailment
The student who the judges helped believed the scientist .	The student believed the scientist .	entailment
The senator who introduced the lawyer recommended the athletes .	The senator recommended the athletes .	entailment
The bankers who danced stopped the tourists .	The bankers stopped the tourists .	entailment
The judges that the author believed thanked the senators .	The judges thanked the senators .	entailment
The judge who the manager advised thanked the doctor .	The judge thanked the doctor .	entailment
The student that avoided the athlete contacted the artists .	The student contacted the artists .	entailment
The judges who believed the scientist advised the lawyer .	The judges advised the lawyer .	entailment
The professors that slept recommended the judge .	The professors recommended the judge .	entailment
The athletes that the doctor advised recommended the senator .	The athletes recommended the senator .	entailment
The doctors who the secretary avoided supported the professors .	The doctors supported the professors .	entailment
The senator that avoided the president supported the artists .	The senator supported the artists .	entailment
The bankers who shouted mentioned the president .	The bankers mentioned the president .	entailment
The judge that introduced the doctors encouraged the tourists .	The judge encouraged the tourists .	entailment
The banker who the managers recommended supported the athlete .	The banker supported the athlete .	entailment
The artists who the manager recommended avoided the professors .	The artists avoided the professors .	entailment
The doctors that believed the professor recommended the actors .	The doctors recommended the actors .	entailment
The lawyers who the senator admired mentioned the tourists .	The lawyers mentioned the tourists .	entailment
The artists that resigned recognized the actor .	The artists recognized the actor .	entailment
The presidents who the student introduced admired the artists .	The presidents admired the artists .	entailment
The doctor who danced introduced the managers .	The doctor introduced the managers .	entailment
The tourist that the senators helped supported the actor .	The tourist supported the actor .	entailment
The senators who danced avoided the judges .	The senators avoided the judges .	entailment
The tourist that danced avoided the secretaries .	The tourist avoided the secretaries .	entailment
The artists who performed admired the managers .	The artists admired the managers .	entailment
The judges who the actor advised contacted the athletes .	The judges contacted the athletes .	entailment
The actor who ran advised the doctor .	The actor advised the doctor .	entailment
The doctor that the athletes helped stopped the professors .	The doctor stopped the professors .	entailment
The manager who slept introduced the presidents .	The manager introduced the presidents .	entailment
The actors who slept supported the tourist .	The actors supported the tourist .	entailment
The professor who mentioned the manager contacted the lawyers .	The professor contacted the lawyers .	entailment
The professor that the judge recommended believed the author .	The professor believed the author .	entailment
The lawyer who the actors stopped thanked the senators .	The lawyer thanked the senators .	entailment
The president who the actors admired supported the managers .	The president supported the managers .	entailment
The bankers that performed helped the secretaries .	The bankers helped the secretaries .	entailment
The doctor that contacted the scientist encouraged the bankers .	The doctor encouraged the bankers .	entailment
The secretary who danced supported the scientist .	The secretary supported the scientist .	entailment
The bankers who called the doctors saw the students .	The bankers saw the students .	entailment
The athlete who encouraged the doctor advised the senators .	The athlete advised the senators .	entailment
The president who advised the secretary admired the tourist .	The president admired the tourist .	entailment
The manager that the students avoided stopped the athlete .	The manager stopped the athlete .	entailment
The actors that slept encouraged the secretary .	The actors encouraged the secretary .	entailment
The doctor that arrived mentioned the authors .	The doctor mentioned the authors .	entailment
The senator who arrived avoided the scientist .	The senator avoided the scientist .	entailment
The doctor who encouraged the judge supported the actor .	The doctor supported the actor .	entailment
The student who the scientists saw supported the actors .	The student supported the actors .	entailment
The athletes who ran recommended the doctors .	The athletes recommended the doctors .	entailment
The professor who the presidents supported stopped the artist .	The professor stopped the artist .	entailment
The doctor that danced advised the actor .	The doctor advised the actor .	entailment
The actor who the senator stopped advised the secretary .	The actor advised the secretary .	entailment
The judges who resigned mentioned the actor .	The judges mentioned the actor .	entailment
The secretary who shouted supported the banker .	The secretary supported the banker .	entailment
The authors who danced saw the doctor .	The authors saw the doctor .	entailment
The athlete that ran avoided the students .	The athlete avoided the students .	entailment
The tourist who arrived believed the secretary .	The tourist believed the secretary .	entailment
The bankers that shouted encouraged the actors .	The bankers encouraged the actors .	entailment
The doctors that the bankers believed saw the students .	The doctors saw the students .	entailment
The senators who resigned mentioned the lawyer .	The senators mentioned the lawyer .	entailment
The lawyers that contacted the author admired the scientist .	The lawyers admired the scientist .	entailment
The tourists that recognized the managers called the secretary .	The tourists called the secretary .	entailment
The presidents that the tourists contacted recognized the athlete .	The presidents recognized the athlete .	entailment
The authors that admired the secretary saw the lawyer .	The authors saw the lawyer .	entailment
The scientists that the doctor supported helped the professor .	The scientists helped the professor .	entailment
The lawyers that the athlete introduced saw the author .	The lawyers saw the author .	entailment
The tourists who saw the author called the president .	The tourists called the president .	entailment
The secretaries who performed avoided the senator .	The secretaries avoided the senator .	entailment
The professor that slept believed the secretary .	The professor believed the secretary .	entailment
The tourists that the managers thanked believed the presidents .	The tourists believed the presidents .	entailment
The scientists who ran saw the professor .	The scientists saw the professor .	entailment
The presidents that the professors encouraged believed the tourist .	The presidents believed the tourist .	entailment
The senators that slept encouraged the authors .	The senators encouraged the authors .	entailment
The judges who shouted encouraged the scientist .	The judges encouraged the scientist .	entailment
The scientists who the banker admired recommended the secretaries .	The scientists recommended the secretaries .	entailment
The lawyers who the actor saw avoided the scientists .	The lawyers avoided the scientists .	entailment
The presidents that the athletes avoided contacted the tourist .	The presidents contacted the tourist .	entailment
The lawyer that danced encouraged the president .	The lawyer encouraged the president .	entailment
The artist who advised the lawyers recognized the doctors .	The artist recognized the doctors .	entailment
The lawyer that ran supported the manager .	The lawyer supported the manager .	entailment
The tourist who ran introduced the senators .	The tourist introduced the senators .	entailment
The artist that ran mentioned the judges .	The artist mentioned the judges .	entailment
The president who believed the actors admired the artists .	The president admired the artists .	entailment
The senator who supported the doctor believed the lawyers .	The senator believed the lawyers .	entailment
The judges that arrived advised the lawyers .	The judges advised the lawyers .	entailment
The authors that shouted believed the professor .	The authors believed the professor .	entailment
The lawyers who introduced the scientist thanked the actor .	The lawyers thanked the actor .	entailment
The professors who contacted the artists introduced the senator .	The professors introduced the senator .	entailment
The student who shouted avoided the artists .	The student avoided the artists .	entailment
The student that the judge thanked believed the professor .	The student believed the professor .	entailment
The actors that arrived helped the scientists .	The actors helped the scientists .	entailment
The athletes that slept introduced the professor .	The athletes introduced the professor .	entailment
The artists who the presidents contacted mentioned the students .	The artists mentioned the students .	entailment
The managers who contacted the athlete mentioned the author .	The managers mentioned the author .	entailment
The lawyers that the banker called contacted the scientist .	The lawyers contacted the scientist .	entailment
The actor that recognized the lawyer saw the senator .	The actor saw the senator .	entailment
The senators that the lawyers believed admired the judges .	The senators admired the judges .	entailment
The scientists that the professors saw thanked the doctors .	The scientists thanked the doctors .	entailment
The artists that the senators admired avoided the athlete .	The artists avoided the athlete .	entailment
The managers that resigned helped the actors .	The managers helped the actors .	entailment
The student who mentioned the judge encouraged the tourists .	The student encouraged the tourists .	entailment
The lawyers that avoided the secretaries mentioned the judge .	The lawyers mentioned the judge .	entailment
The banker who waited recognized the students .	The banker recognized the students .	entailment
The lawyers that the author recognized stopped the banker .	The lawyers stopped the banker .	entailment
The presidents who the judges stopped contacted the artist .	The presidents contacted the artist .	entailment
The managers who ran called the lawyers .	The managers called the lawyers .	entailment
The judges that supported the athletes admired the senators .	The judges admired the senators .	entailment
The senators that thanked the banker mentioned the president .	The senators mentioned the president .	entailment
The president who stopped the students helped the scientist .	The president helped the scientist .	entailment
The senator who the tourists mentioned encouraged the scientists .	The senator encouraged the scientists .	entailment
The artists that arrived believed the student .	The artists believed the student .	entailment
The judges who recognized the doctor recommended the authors .	The judges recommended the authors .	entailment
The student that the doctor encouraged advised the bankers .	The student advised the bankers .	entailment
The lawyers that arrived contacted the secretary .	The lawyers contacted the secretary .	entailment
The president that recommended the doctor mentioned the secretary .	The president mentioned the secretary .	entailment
The presidents who slept introduced the manager .	The presidents introduced the manager .	entailment
The doctor that recognized the athletes called the professor .	The doctor called the professor .	entailment
The artists who supported the managers believed the judge .	The artists believed the judge .	entailment
The bankers that admired the secretary stopped the professor .	The bankers stopped the professor .	entailment
The students that the secretary helped introduced the judge .	The students introduced the judge .	entailment
The senators that the author recognized contacted the president .	The senators contacted the president .	entailment
The bankers who the doctors believed encouraged the senators .	The bankers encouraged the senators .	entailment
The presidents who performed stopped the bankers .	The presidents stopped the bankers .	entailment
The scientist who the doctor saw avoided the managers .	The scientist avoided the managers .	entailment
The lawyer that the scientists called encouraged the banker .	The lawyer encouraged the banker .	entailment
The lawyers who the artists introduced helped the scientist .	The lawyers helped the scientist .	entailment
The actor that resigned admired the secretary .	The actor admired the secretary .	entailment
The professors who the students encouraged saw the manager .	The professors saw the manager .	entailment
The manager that ran supported the professors .	The manager supported the professors .	entailment
The athlete who the students stopped advised the manager .	The athlete advised the manager .	entailment
The scientist that slept called the actor .	The scientist called the actor .	entailment
The doctor that supported the athlete believed the tourist .	The doctor believed the tourist .	entailment
The judge that encouraged the students introduced the presidents .	The judge introduced the presidents .	entailment
The student that arrived thanked the judge .	The student thanked the judge .	entailment
The president that encouraged the artist admired the scientists .	The president admired the scientists .	entailment
The tourists that the students stopped recommended the lawyer .	The tourists recommended the lawyer .	entailment
The secretaries who the student admired thanked the athletes .	The secretaries thanked the athletes .	entailment
The judge that arrived introduced the doctors .	The judge introduced the doctors .	entailment
The secretaries that ran admired the actor .	The secretaries admired the actor .	entailment
The president who arrived mentioned the student .	The president mentioned the student .	entailment
The professors that the judges thanked mentioned the secretary .	The professors mentioned the secretary .	entailment
The author who supported the actors contacted the tourist .	The author contacted the tourist .	entailment
The senator who introduced the president recognized the managers .	The senator recognized the managers .	entailment
The artist that the author helped advised the scientists .	The artist advised the scientists .	entailment
The athletes that ran saw the author .	The athletes saw the author .	entailment
The actor that the senator supported believed the scientists .	The actor believed the scientists .	entailment
The doctors that the professor saw helped the presidents .	The doctors helped the presidents .	entailment
The tourists who called the students saw the senators .	The tourists saw the senators .	entailment
The judge that stopped the athletes advised the tourist .	The judge advised the tourist .	entailment
The judge that the doctors recommended introduced the tourist .	The judge introduced the tourist .	entailment
The artist that believed the judges contacted the athletes .	The artist contacted the athletes .	entailment
The professors that slept recommended the actors .	The professors recommended the actors .	entailment
The scientist that ran advised the student .	The scientist advised the student .	entailment
The professor who the secretary avoided saw the tourist .	The professor saw the tourist .	entailment
The judge who admired the doctors mentioned the actor .	The judge mentioned the actor .	entailment
The athletes that resigned admired the lawyers .	The athletes admired the lawyers .	entailment
The judges that danced advised the bankers .	The judges advised the bankers .	entailment
The judges who slept avoided the tourist .	The judges avoided the tourist .	entailment
The lawyers who the artist recognized introduced the president .	The lawyers introduced the president .	entailment
The athlete that the judges thanked advised the professor .	The athlete advised the professor .	entailment
The manager that encouraged the lawyers supported the presidents .	The manager supported the presidents .	entailment
The actor who the artists mentioned admired the lawyer .	The actor admired the lawyer .	entailment
The secretaries that believed the president advised the artist .	The secretaries advised the artist .	entailment
The presidents that saw the tourists supported the actors .	The presidents supported the actors .	entailment
The judge that waited saw the secretary .	The judge saw the secretary .	entailment
The doctors that slept encouraged the author .	The doctors encouraged the author .	entailment
The athlete that recommended the scientist advised the authors .	The athlete advised the authors .	entailment
The judges who ran recommended the professors .	The judges recommended the professors .	entailment
The manager that called the scientists mentioned the lawyer .	The manager mentioned the lawyer .	entailment
The lawyers that the president avoided mentioned the secretaries .	The lawyers mentioned the secretaries .	entailment
The manager that arrived advised the author .	The manager advised the author .	entailment
The athletes who the managers advised admired the actors .	The athletes admired the actors .	entailment
The banker who performed believed the authors .	The banker believed the authors .	entailment
The bankers that saw the tourist encouraged the athletes .	The bankers encouraged the athletes .	entailment
The artists who the actor believed recommended the presidents .	The artists recommended the presidents .	entailment
The secretary who contacted the senator thanked the athlete .	The secretary thanked the athlete .	entailment
The banker that believed the student avoided the authors .	The banker avoided the authors .	entailment
The banker that the senator contacted mentioned the student .	The banker mentioned the student .	entailment
The actors that performed thanked the lawyers .	The actors thanked the lawyers .	entailment
The senators who slept recommended the athletes .	The senators recommended the athletes .	entailment
The judges who resigned thanked the student .	The judges thanked the student .	entailment
The doctors that the secretaries advised believed the professors .	The doctors believed the professors .	entailment
The lawyers who encouraged the judge mentioned the scientist .	The lawyers mentioned the scientist .	entailment
The senator who waited advised the secretary .	The senator advised the secretary .	entailment
The tourists who the presidents helped believed the secretary .	The tourists believed the secretary .	entailment
The secretaries who introduced the scientist encouraged the lawyer .	The secretaries encouraged the lawyer .	entailment
The manager who stopped the professors saw the artists .	The manager saw the artists .	entailment
The professors who supported the actors introduced the secretary .	The professors introduced the secretary .	entailment
The scientists that called the secretaries recognized the senators .	The scientists recognized the senators .	entailment
The doctor who believed the banker recognized the judges .	The doctor recognized the judges .	entailment
The artist that avoided the professors recognized the manager .	The artist recognized the manager .	entailment
The actors that avoided the banker supported the secretaries .	The actors supported the secretaries .	entailment
The student that supported the president recognized the judge .	The student recognized the judge .	entailment
The manager who arrived avoided the professors .	The manager avoided the professors .	entailment
The manager that waited saw the judge .	The manager saw the judge .	entailment
The student that introduced the tourist mentioned the senators .	The student mentioned the senators .	entailment
The author who shouted saw the managers .	The author saw the managers .	entailment
The professor that shouted thanked the artists .	The professor thanked the artists .	entailment
The athlete that the manager helped introduced the doctor .	The athlete introduced the doctor .	entailment
The scientists that shouted encouraged the tourists .	The scientists encouraged the tourists .	entailment
The managers that shouted thanked the bankers .	The managers thanked the bankers .	entailment
The actor who stopped the presidents advised the lawyer .	The actor advised the lawyer .	entailment
The banker that the students helped encouraged the tourist .	The banker encouraged the tourist .	entailment
The tourists who admired the scientist called the bankers .	The tourists called the bankers .	entailment
The author who slept encouraged the presidents .	The author encouraged the presidents .	entailment
The students that supported the actor stopped the lawyers .	The students stopped the lawyers .	entailment
The secretaries that the professor mentioned encouraged the artist .	The secretaries encouraged the artist .	entailment
The athletes who called the presidents avoided the tourist .	The athletes avoided the tourist .	entailment
The manager who the professor saw admired the president .	The manager admired the president .	entailment
The artists who helped the student encouraged the doctors .	The artists encouraged the doctors .	entailment
The bankers who the presidents supported advised the scientist .	The bankers advised the scientist .	entailment
The student who recommended the artists helped the doctors .	The student helped the doctors .	entailment
The tourist that shouted saw the scientists .	The tourist saw the scientists .	entailment
The doctors who saw the professors encouraged the tourist .	The doctors encouraged the tourist .	entailment
The bankers that resigned thanked the presidents .	The bankers thanked the presidents .	entailment
The judge who saw the doctors helped the president .	The judge helped the president .	entailment
The secretary that ran recognized the students .	The secretary recognized the students .	entailment
The authors who the students contacted saw the artist .	The authors saw the artist .	entailment
The senators who performed stopped the manager .	The senators stopped the manager .	entailment
The judge who ran saw the president .	The judge saw the president .	entailment
The manager who the student saw introduced the banker .	The manager introduced the banker .	entailment
The judges who arrived recognized the artists .	The judges recognized the artists .	entailment
The banker that introduced the president contacted the senators .	The banker contacted the senators .	entailment
The actors who recognized the tourist encouraged the bankers .	The actors encouraged the bankers .	entailment
The authors who danced helped the scientist .	The authors helped the scientist .	entailment
The lawyer that believed the athlete recommended the professors .	The lawyer recommended the professors .	entailment
The senator that arrived supported the athletes .	The senator supported the athletes .	entailment
The lawyer who the student stopped introduced the tourist .	The lawyer introduced the tourist .	entailment
The secretaries who the actors saw believed the scientist .	The secretaries believed the scientist .	entailment
The scientist that arrived supported the secretaries .	The scientist supported the secretaries .	entailment
The manager who danced advised the judges .	The manager advised the judges .	entailment
The lawyers that the professor thanked admired the senator .	The lawyers admired the senator .	entailment
The lawyers who the professors stopped believed the student .	The lawyers believed the student .	entailment
The tourists that resigned recognized the actors .	The tourists recognized the actors .	entailment
The secretaries who believed the athlete avoided the manager .	The secretaries avoided the manager .	entailment
The students that the senator introduced supported the president .	The students supported the president .	entailment
The president that shouted called the authors .	The president called the authors .	entailment
The judge who thanked the senator mentioned the doctor .	The judge mentioned the doctor .	entailment
The senators that thanked the doctors saw the scientist .	The senators saw the scientist .	entailment
The athlete who performed mentioned the actors .	The athlete mentioned the actors .	entailment
The manager who the actors believed stopped the scientist .	The manager stopped the scientist .	entailment
The students who contacted the athlete helped the author .	The students helped the author .	entailment
The artists who shouted believed the managers .	The artists believed the managers .	entailment
The secretaries that saw the actors helped the lawyers .	The secretaries helped the lawyers .	entailment
The doctors who recognized the scientists contacted the secretary .	The doctors contacted the secretary .	entailment
The tourists that recommended the judges encouraged the managers .	The tourists encouraged the managers .	entailment
The president that performed avoided the lawyers .	The president avoided the lawyers .	entailment
The secretary who shouted thanked the doctors .	The secretary thanked the doctors .	entailment
The professors who recommended the doctors thanked the lawyer .	The professors thanked the lawyer .	entailment
The professors who the secretary advised supported the authors .	The professors supported the authors .	entailment
The presidents that thanked the artist introduced the athlete .	The presidents introduced the athlete .	entailment
The scientist that resigned introduced the lawyers .	The scientist introduced the lawyers .	entailment
The tourist that shouted believed the manager .	The tourist believed the manager .	entailment
The professors who thanked the artist called the senators .	The professors called the senators .	entailment
The presidents that waited contacted the professor .	The presidents contacted the professor .	entailment
The judge that shouted mentioned the senator .	The judge mentioned the senator .	entailment
The author that performed recommended the actor .	The author recommended the actor .	entailment
The professor that helped the managers avoided the tourists .	The professor avoided the tourists .	entailment
The scientist who the secretaries called advised the artist .	The scientist advised the artist .	entailment
The secretary that thanked the scientists recommended the actors .	The secretary recommended the actors .	entailment
The tourists that the judges saw called the lawyer .	The tourists called the lawyer .	entailment
The professor who danced encouraged the senators .	The professor encouraged the senators .	entailment
The secretary that the judges introduced saw the president .	The secretary saw the president .	entailment
The manager that ran called the lawyers .	The manager called the lawyers .	entailment
The president that saw the tourist called the secretaries .	The president called the secretaries .	entailment
The judges who slept saw the student .	The judges saw the student .	entailment
The bankers who the presidents thanked called the scientists .	The bankers called the scientists .	entailment
The secretaries who recommended the senators admired the student .	The secretaries admired the student .	entailment
The doctor that performed saw the athlete .	The doctor saw the athlete .	entailment
The scientists who the actor avoided believed the athlete .	The scientists believed the athlete .	entailment
The scientist that slept recognized the managers .	The scientist recognized the managers .	entailment
The actors who thanked the president recommended the professor .	The actors recommended the professor .	entailment
The banker who the scientists called advised the authors .	The banker advised the authors .	entailment
The manager who encouraged the scientists admired the student .	The manager admired the student .	entailment
The scientists that slept saw the lawyers .	The scientists saw the lawyers .	entailment
The artists that the doctors recommended admired the judge .	The artists admired the judge .	entailment
The lawyer that advised the students introduced the secretary .	The lawyer introduced the secretary .	entailment
The senators that helped the scientists encouraged the presidents .	The senators encouraged the presidents .	entailment
The secretaries who encouraged the artists admired the senators .	The secretaries admired the senators .	entailment
The president that shouted contacted the secretaries .	The president contacted the secretaries .	entailment
The athletes who the secretaries admired recommended the students .	The athletes recommended the students .	entailment
The scientists who resigned stopped the president .	The scientists stopped the president .	entailment
The tourist who the manager helped advised the artist .	The tourist advised the artist .	entailment
The judge that performed thanked the bankers .	The judge thanked the bankers .	entailment
The professor that resigned encouraged the artists .	The professor encouraged the artists .	entailment
The doctors that resigned mentioned the actors .	The doctors mentioned the actors .	entailment
The scientist that slept contacted the senators .	The scientist contacted the senators .	entailment
The athlete that the authors recognized advised the professors .	The athlete advised the professors .	entailment
The banker that contacted the secretaries mentioned the presidents .	The banker mentioned the presidents .	entailment
The doctors that the manager introduced admired the president .	The doctors admired the president .	entailment
The scientist that the president saw stopped the secretaries .	The scientist stopped the secretaries .	entailment
The president who the doctors contacted helped the managers .	The president helped the managers .	entailment
The tourists who slept avoided the senator .	The tourists avoided the senator .	entailment
The professors that recognized the artist advised the athletes .	The professors advised the athletes .	entailment
The judges that avoided the scientists saw the actor .	The judges saw the actor .	entailment
The managers that the students supported recommended the judges .	The managers recommended the judges .	entailment
The doctor that thanked the students called the senator .	The doctor called the senator .	entailment
The president that recognized the bankers mentioned the lawyer .	The president mentioned the lawyer .	entailment
The actor that danced stopped the president .	The actor stopped the president .	entailment
The tourist that saw the senator supported the professor .	The tourist supported the professor .	entailment
The tourist that the actor encouraged stopped the senators .	The tourist stopped the senators .	entailment
The secretary who helped the students thanked the senators .	The secretary thanked the senators .	entailment
The athlete who believed the scientists recognized the bankers .	The athlete recognized the bankers .	entailment
The artists who the banker mentioned supported the lawyer .	The artists supported the lawyer .	entailment
The athletes who performed admired the artists .	The athletes admired the artists .	entailment
The professors that ran admired the bankers .	The professors admired the bankers .	entailment
The manager who the artist avoided recommended the secretaries .	The manager recommended the secretaries .	entailment
The bankers who performed believed the athletes .	The bankers believed the athletes .	entailment
The secretary who admired the authors introduced the senators .	The secretary introduced the senators .	entailment
The professors who performed believed the doctors .	The professors believed the doctors .	entailment
The banker that performed avoided the artists .	The banker avoided the artists .	entailment
The athletes that the tourists mentioned introduced the student .	The athletes introduced the student .	entailment
The senators who the tourist contacted encouraged the doctors .	The senators encouraged the doctors .	entailment
The actors that admired the bankers believed the senator .	The actors believed the senator .	entailment
The presidents who called the actors mentioned the artists .	The presidents mentioned the artists .	entailment
The student that arrived thanked the professors .	The student thanked the professors .	entailment
The actors who mentioned the student recognized the scientists .	The actors recognized the scientists .	entailment
The bankers who waited thanked the athlete .	The bankers thanked the athlete .	entailment
The student who introduced the senator thanked the actors .	The student thanked the actors .	entailment
The tourists that recognized the artists saw the professor .	The tourists saw the professor .	entailment
The student that mentioned the artists supported the athletes .	The student supported the athletes .	entailment
The managers who waited advised the doctor .	The managers advised the doctor .	entailment
The athletes that helped the judge contacted the professor .	The athletes contacted the professor .	entailment
The artists that called the manager thanked the doctors .	The artists thanked the doctors .	entailment
The managers who ran believed the scientist .	The managers believed the scientist .	entailment
The scientists who danced stopped the senator .	The scientists stopped the senator .	entailment
The athlete that the senators helped recognized the actor .	The athlete recognized the actor .	entailment
The professor that the authors encouraged avoided the manager .	The professor avoided the manager .	entailment
The actor that introduced the judges stopped the student .	The actor stopped the student .	entailment
The judge who avoided the president recognized the athletes .	The judge recognized the athletes .	entailment
The lawyers that the president advised thanked the author .	The lawyers thanked the author .	entailment
The manager that performed contacted the author .	The manager contacted the author .	entailment
The lawyer that the managers thanked advised the bankers .	The lawyer advised the bankers .	entailment
The bankers who the athletes saw introduced the students .	The bankers introduced the students .	entailment
The secretary who slept called the bankers .	The secretary called the bankers .	entailment
The presidents who danced contacted the tourists .	The presidents contacted the tourists .	entailment
The doctor that the student mentioned believed the lawyer .	The doctor believed the lawyer .	entailment
The author that shouted mentioned the students .	The author mentioned the students .	entailment
The judge that contacted the banker avoided the secretary .	The judge avoided the secretary .	entailment
The artist that shouted supported the secretary .	The artist supported the secretary .	entailment
The lawyers who the student avoided saw the managers .	The lawyers saw the managers .	entailment
The professor who recognized the banker introduced the doctors .	The professor introduced the doctors .	entailment
The actors that the president called admired the professors .	The actors admired the professors .	entailment
The bankers that introduced the athlete supported the tourist .	The bankers supported the tourist .	entailment
The judge who the professors contacted supported the senators .	The judge supported the senators .	entailment
The students who encouraged the professors helped the artists .	The students helped the artists .	entailment
The athletes who saw the actors believed the senators .	The athletes believed the senators .	entailment
The secretaries that ran helped the professor .	The secretaries helped the professor .	entailment
The professor that ran recommended the scientist .	The professor recommended the scientist .	entailment
The lawyer who recommended the artist admired the tourist .	The lawyer admired the tourist .	entailment
The managers who introduced the scientists advised the tourist .	The managers advised the tourist .	entailment
The tourist that mentioned the athletes supported the artists .	The tourist supported the artists .	entailment
The lawyers who resigned contacted the professor .	The lawyers contacted the professor .	entailment
The judges who recommended the banker saw the authors .	The judges saw the authors .	entailment
The athlete that saw the professor helped the bankers .	The athlete helped the bankers .	entailment
The managers that ran admired the president .	The managers admired the president .	entailment
The secretaries that believed the authors saw the actors .	The secretaries saw the actors .	entailment
The artists that supported the scientists stopped the lawyer .	The artists stopped the lawyer .	entailment
The authors that thanked the lawyers contacted the student .	The authors contacted the student .	entailment
The actors who advised the banker mentioned the artists .	The actors mentioned the artists .	entailment
The secretary who waited encouraged the actors .	The secretary encouraged the actors .	entailment
The judge who the presidents introduced avoided the authors .	The judge avoided the authors .	entailment
The doctor that the authors stopped thanked the student .	The doctor thanked the student .	entailment
The judge who shouted recommended the actors .	The judge recommended the actors .	entailment
The doctors that slept helped the athlete .	The doctors helped the athlete .	entailment
The artist who resigned contacted the doctors .	The artist contacted the doctors .	entailment
The lawyers that waited supported the senator .	The lawyers supported the senator .	entailment
The tourist who the lawyer recommended believed the doctors .	The tourist believed the doctors .	entailment
The artists who the manager believed introduced the athletes .	The artists introduced the athletes .	entailment
The actors who the athletes stopped admired the secretary .	The actors admired the secretary .	entailment
The secretary that believed the tourists saw the professors .	The secretary saw the professors .	entailment
The senators that shouted recommended the bankers .	The senators recommended the bankers .	entailment
The artist who arrived introduced the president .	The artist introduced the president .	entailment
The students who recommended the actor thanked the tourists .	The students thanked the tourists .	entailment
The athletes who arrived introduced the senator .	The athletes introduced the senator .	entailment
The secretaries that the actor mentioned thanked the student .	The secretaries thanked the student .	entailment
The student that saw the manager introduced the professors .	The student introduced the professors .	entailment
The author who arrived stopped the secretary .	The author stopped the secretary .	entailment
The scientist that recommended the tourist supported the doctor .	The scientist supported the doctor .	entailment
The manager who the artists advised contacted the president .	The manager contacted the president .	entailment
The authors that believed the presidents saw the student .	The authors saw the student .	entailment
The lawyer that shouted contacted the actors .	The lawyer contacted the actors .	entailment
The scientists who the banker recommended thanked the student .	The scientists thanked the student .	entailment
The manager who admired the athletes avoided the doctors .	The manager avoided the doctors .	entailment
The bankers who the student encouraged avoided the tourists .	The bankers avoided the tourists .	entailment
The actors that the managers admired contacted the athletes .	The actors contacted the athletes .	entailment
The professor that contacted the judge helped the actors .	The professor helped the actors .	entailment
The banker who the lawyers introduced helped the artists .	The banker helped the artists .	entailment
The professors who avoided the judges mentioned the actors .	The professors mentioned the actors .	entailment
The student who encouraged the doctors believed the presidents .	The student believed the presidents .	entailment
The scientist who the manager introduced stopped the athletes .	The scientist stopped the athletes .	entailment
The doctor who the actors admired recognized the athlete .	The doctor recognized the athlete .	entailment
The presidents that danced mentioned the artist .	The presidents mentioned the artist .	entailment
The athlete who shouted admired the student .	The athlete admired the student .	entailment
The artists that ran admired the lawyers .	The artists admired the lawyers .	entailment
The judges that arrived introduced the manager .	The judges introduced the manager .	entailment
The actor that the presidents recognized thanked the manager .	The actor thanked the manager .	entailment
The bankers who believed the students avoided the presidents .	The bankers avoided the presidents .	entailment
The actors who danced supported the senators .	The actors supported the senators .	entailment
The tourist that the author admired called the actor .	The tourist called the actor .	entailment
The tourist who recognized the professors believed the senators .	The tourist believed the senators .	entailment
The students who the athletes introduced recommended the senators .	The students recommended the senators .	entailment
The author who arrived admired the managers .	The author admired the managers .	entailment
The banker who shouted mentioned the tourist .	The banker mentioned the tourist .	entailment
The secretaries who waited avoided the authors .	The secretaries avoided the authors .	entailment
The scientist that resigned advised the lawyers .	The scientist advised the lawyers .	entailment
The senators who the students stopped contacted the scientist .	The senators contacted the scientist .	entailment
The doctor that waited advised the lawyers .	The doctor advised the lawyers .	entailment
The lawyers that ran supported the tourist .	The lawyers supported the tourist .	entailment
The artist who recognized the president encouraged the student .	The artist encouraged the student .	entailment
The professor that slept helped the artist .	The professor helped the artist .	entailment
The lawyer that admired the doctor contacted the banker .	The lawyer contacted the banker .	entailment
The lawyer who helped the doctors saw the banker .	The lawyer saw the banker .	entailment
The doctor who believed the judge recognized the manager .	The doctor recognized the manager .	entailment
The managers that ran encouraged the professors .	The managers encouraged the professors .	entailment
The manager that recognized the presidents called the artists .	The manager called the artists .	entailment
The secretaries that encouraged the banker avoided the artists .	The secretaries avoided the artists .	entailment
The students that encouraged the authors recommended the artist .	The students recommended the artist .	entailment
The managers that the lawyers advised called the scientist .	The managers called the scientist .	entailment
The manager that mentioned the author recognized the doctors .	The manager recognized the doctors .	entailment
The senator that saw the tourist introduced the actors .	The senator introduced the actors .	entailment
The senator that the presidents called avoided the secretaries .	The senator avoided the secretaries .	entailment
The president that the actor admired recommended the managers .	The president recommended the managers .	entailment
The student that ran mentioned the presidents .	The student mentioned the presidents .	entailment
The tourist that ran helped the athlete .	The tourist helped the athlete .	entailment
The author that recognized the secretary advised the lawyers .	The author advised the lawyers .	entailment
The president that believed the doctors admired the students .	The president admired the students .	entailment
The president that helped the scientists avoided the senator .	The president avoided the senator .	entailment
The professor that danced supported the secretaries .	The professor supported the secretaries .	entailment
The bankers who the professor admired contacted the artist .	The bankers contacted the artist .	entailment
The judge that thanked the secretaries called the banker .	The judge called the banker .	entailment
The tourists that the athlete introduced recommended the authors .	The tourists recommended the authors .	entailment
The managers that shouted thanked the president .	The managers thanked the president .	entailment
The secretary that ran thanked the doctor .	The secretary thanked the doctor .	entailment
The students who danced helped the judges .	The students helped the judges .	entailment
The judge that supported the professor thanked the actor .	The judge thanked the actor .	entailment
The doctor who the senator supported stopped the judges .	The doctor stopped the judges .	entailment
The author who the student helped saw the banker .	The author saw the banker .	entailment
The author that the president advised believed the scientists .	The author believed the scientists .	entailment
The actors who believed the judge called the lawyers .	The actors called the lawyers .	entailment
The secretaries who the presidents called believed the author .	The secretaries believed the author .	entailment
The professor who helped the senators recognized the scientists .	The professor recognized the scientists .	entailment
The artists who the actor saw thanked the secretary .	The artists thanked the secretary .	entailment
The president who the lawyers believed mentioned the bankers .	The president mentioned the bankers .	entailment
The lawyer who performed helped the scientist .	The lawyer helped the scientist .	entailment
The judges that contacted the bankers thanked the managers .	The judges thanked the managers .	entailment
The doctors that resigned supported the artists .	The doctors supported the artists .	entailment
The manager who the student helped encouraged the bankers .	The manager encouraged the bankers .	entailment
The banker who shouted supported the lawyer .	The banker supported the lawyer .	entailment
The lawyer that the athletes contacted advised the senator .	The lawyer advised the senator .	entailment
The doctors that recognized the students stopped the artist .	The doctors stopped the artist .	entailment
The artists that resigned avoided the athlete .	The artists avoided the athlete .	entailment
The senator that the actors introduced thanked the athletes .	The senator thanked the athletes .	entailment
The student who resigned introduced the doctors .	The student introduced the doctors .	entailment
The student that contacted the artist mentioned the senator .	The student mentioned the senator .	entailment
The professor who contacted the lawyers called the authors .	The professor called the authors .	entailment
The athletes that avoided the secretary stopped the judges .	The athletes stopped the judges .	entailment
The actor who slept supported the senators .	The actor supported the senators .	entailment
The bankers who waited contacted the managers .	The bankers contacted the managers .	entailment
The students who helped the senator contacted the authors .	The students contacted the authors .	entailment
The student that performed avoided the actors .	The student avoided the actors .	entailment
The artists who the managers believed introduced the tourists .	The artists introduced the tourists .	entailment
The managers who waited stopped the secretary .	The managers stopped the secretary .	entailment
The artist that the student recognized believed the tourists .	The artist believed the tourists .	entailment
The tourists who the students avoided thanked the artist .	The tourists thanked the artist .	entailment
The secretary that contacted the senators saw the manager .	The secretary saw the manager .	entailment
The senators that thanked the actor stopped the artist .	The senators stopped the artist .	entailment
The lawyer who helped the senator believed the managers .	The lawyer believed the managers .	entailment
The secretaries that avoided the president recognized the doctor .	The secretaries recognized the doctor .	entailment
The actor who performed avoided the lawyer .	The actor avoided the lawyer .	entailment
The senators who the athlete stopped contacted the actors .	The senators contacted the actors .	entailment
The tourists that danced mentioned the professors .	The tourists mentioned the professors .	entailment
The author that danced recommended the judges .	The author recommended the judges .	entailment
The athletes that encouraged the scientists recommended the secretaries .	The athletes recommended the secretaries .	entailment
The actors who shouted encouraged the professors .	The actors encouraged the professors .	entailment
The manager that thanked the professor recognized the lawyer .	The manager recognized the lawyer .	entailment
The secretaries who shouted encouraged the presidents .	The secretaries encouraged the presidents .	entailment
The athletes that shouted saw the actor .	The athletes saw the actor .	entailment
The senator who recognized the authors advised the professors .	The senator advised the professors .	entailment
The banker that contacted the scientists recognized the lawyer .	The banker recognized the lawyer .	entailment
The lawyer that the actors believed saw the manager .	The lawyer saw the manager .	entailment
The professors that mentioned the scientist avoided the actors .	The professors avoided the actors .	entailment
The author that arrived encouraged the judge .	The author encouraged the judge .	entailment
The tourists who slept stopped the authors .	The tourists stopped the authors .	entailment
The actor that waited supported the scientist .	The actor supported the scientist .	entailment
The manager that recognized the authors contacted the judges .	The manager contacted the judges .	entailment
The tourists that resigned supported the banker .	The tourists supported the banker .	entailment
The secretaries who the artists advised contacted the actor .	The secretaries contacted the actor .	entailment
The students who admired the author saw the scientists .	The students saw the scientists .	entailment
The banker that performed recognized the judge .	The banker recognized the judge .	entailment
The presidents that recommended the scientist thanked the secretaries .	The presidents thanked the secretaries .	entailment
The artist that the judge believed called the professor .	The artist called the professor .	entailment
The judge who called the doctor supported the banker .	The judge supported the banker .	entailment
The scientists who avoided the artists encouraged the doctor .	The scientists encouraged the doctor .	entailment
The scientist who contacted the bankers admired the secretary .	The scientist admired the secretary .	entailment
The judge who introduced the professors believed the manager .	The judge believed the manager .	entailment
The secretary who the doctors introduced stopped the artist .	The secretary stopped the artist .	entailment
The athletes who stopped the managers thanked the president .	The athletes thanked the president .	entailment
The artist that the actor believed introduced the lawyers .	The artist introduced the lawyers .	entailment
The tourist who called the judges avoided the secretaries .	The tourist avoided the secretaries .	entailment
The athletes who shouted called the lawyer .	The athletes called the lawyer .	entailment
The tourists that the scientist recognized recommended the lawyer .	The tourists recommended the lawyer .	entailment
The doctors that the presidents advised recognized the artists .	The doctors recognized the artists .	entailment
The secretary who supported the athletes advised the manager .	The secretary advised the manager .	entailment
The doctor that admired the athlete recommended the scientists .	The doctor recommended the scientists .	entailment
The tourists that recommended the secretary believed the doctor .	The tourists believed the doctor .	entailment
The athletes that shouted contacted the president .	The athletes contacted the president .	entailment
The secretaries who the actor encouraged advised the managers .	The secretaries advised the managers .	entailment
The tourist who slept mentioned the actors .	The tourist mentioned the actors .	entailment
The actors who the secretary thanked saw the lawyer .	The actors saw the lawyer .	entailment
The secretary who shouted advised the actors .	The secretary advised the actors .	entailment
The scientists who the judges introduced believed the tourists .	The scientists believed the tourists .	entailment
The tourists who resigned admired the authors .	The tourists admired the authors .	entailment
The doctor that ran recommended the senator .	The doctor recommended the senator .	entailment
The students who the bankers recommended thanked the tourist .	The students thanked the tourist .	entailment
The doctors who saw the senator encouraged the author .	The doctors encouraged the author .	entailment
The artists who helped the authors recommended the doctor .	The artists recommended the doctor .	entailment
The lawyer that saw the tourists avoided the secretary .	The lawyer avoided the secretary .	entailment
The banker that danced saw the lawyer .	The banker saw the lawyer .	entailment
The secretary who the managers admired thanked the bankers .	The secretary thanked the bankers .	entailment
The doctors who the judges supported thanked the artists .	The doctors thanked the artists .	entailment
The student that thanked the tourists avoided the athletes .	The student avoided the athletes .	entailment
The lawyer who the senators supported saw the judges .	The lawyer saw the judges .	entailment
The professor who the senator stopped mentioned the doctors .	The professor mentioned the doctors .	entailment
The athletes that the lawyer saw stopped the judges .	The athletes stopped the judges .	entailment
The doctors who resigned introduced the students .	The doctors introduced the students .	entailment
The actor who arrived advised the artists .	The actor advised the artists .	entailment
The scientist who the artist admired introduced the athletes .	The scientist introduced the athletes .	entailment
The judge that thanked the bankers called the tourists .	The judge called the tourists .	entailment
The judge who introduced the students stopped the actors .	The judge stopped the actors .	entailment
The senator who thanked the students mentioned the professor .	The senator mentioned the professor .	entailment
The author that supported the president encouraged the banker .	The author encouraged the banker .	entailment
The students who danced advised the actors .	The students advised the actors .	entailment
The bankers who waited helped the professors .	The bankers helped the professors .	entailment
The athletes who the scientist mentioned recognized the actors .	The athletes recognized the actors .	entailment
The professor that admired the student recommended the lawyers .	The professor recommended the lawyers .	entailment
The banker that advised the lawyers avoided the scientists .	The banker avoided the scientists .	entailment
The manager who danced helped the doctor .	The manager helped the doctor .	entailment
The senator that the tourists believed recognized the actor .	The senator recognized the actor .	entailment
The actor who encouraged the professors thanked the scientist .	The actor thanked the scientist .	entailment
The secretaries that saw the manager believed the professors .	The secretaries believed the professors .	entailment
The doctors who waited supported the president .	The doctors supported the president .	entailment
The scientists that the banker admired avoided the secretary .	The scientists avoided the secretary .	entailment
The scientist that avoided the tourist recognized the students .	The scientist recognized the students .	entailment
The scientists that the president stopped thanked the author .	The scientists thanked the author .	entailment
The managers that introduced the presidents stopped the secretaries .	The managers stopped the secretaries .	entailment
The actor that stopped the athlete called the president .	The actor called the president .	entailment
The artist who saw the athlete admired the scientists .	The artist admired the scientists .	entailment
The senator who avoided the athletes stopped the doctors .	The senator stopped the doctors .	entailment
The judge that the presidents recognized contacted the actor .	The judge contacted the actor .	entailment
The artist that arrived advised the student .	The artist advised the student .	entailment
The banker that the professor admired avoided the presidents .	The banker avoided the presidents .	entailment
The artists who performed avoided the tourists .	The artists avoided the tourists .	entailment
The scientists who called the actors encouraged the presidents .	The scientists encouraged the presidents .	entailment
The scientists that admired the actors introduced the artists .	The scientists introduced the artists .	entailment
The secretaries that the tourist stopped contacted the athlete .	The secretaries contacted the athlete .	entailment
The artist that the scientist advised mentioned the professors .	The artist mentioned the professors .	entailment
The senators that recommended the tourist advised the author .	The senators advised the author .	entailment
The managers who the artist saw called the judges .	The managers called the judges .	entailment
The student who resigned saw the manager .	The student saw the manager .	entailment
The managers who advised the secretary called the actor .	The managers called the actor .	entailment
The authors that ran helped the bankers .	The authors helped the bankers .	entailment
The scientists that performed thanked the judge .	The scientists thanked the judge .	entailment
The artist who called the athlete saw the judge .	The artist saw the judge .	entailment
The senators who mentioned the athlete contacted the bankers .	The senators contacted the bankers .	entailment
The tourist that shouted believed the students .	The tourist believed the students .	entailment
The scientist that supported the bankers admired the professor .	The scientist admired the professor .	entailment
The lawyer who the tourists admired recognized the author .	The lawyer recognized the author .	entailment
The authors who the senators admired supported the doctor .	The authors supported the doctor .	entailment
The artist who resigned recognized the athletes .	The artist recognized the athletes .	entailment
The tourist that the doctors thanked helped the professors .	The tourist helped the professors .	entailment
The lawyer that contacted the athletes mentioned the professors .	The lawyer mentioned the professors .	entailment
The author who ran recognized the professors .	The author recognized the professors .	entailment
The lawyer who admired the athlete called the presidents .	The lawyer called the presidents .	entailment
The athlete who waited mentioned the doctor .	The athlete mentioned the doctor .	entailment
The bankers that the secretaries supported recommended the student .	The bankers recommended the student .	entailment
The judge who resigned thanked the senators .	The judge thanked the senators .	entailment
The presidents that the students advised saw the senators .	The presidents saw the senators .	entailment
The scientist that arrived contacted the author .	The scientist contacted the author .	entailment
The student that saw the secretaries recommended the judge .	The student recommended the judge .	entailment
The banker that the senator supported contacted the lawyers .	The banker contacted the lawyers .	entailment
The professor who avoided the bankers supported the judges .	The professor supported the judges .	entailment
The judges who danced advised the tourist .	The judges advised the tourist .	entailment
The secretaries that the athletes stopped helped the student .	The secretaries helped the student .	entailment
The athletes who danced advised the lawyer .	The athletes advised the lawyer .	entailment
The bankers that the professors mentioned believed the athlete .	The bankers believed the athlete .	entailment
The senators who performed called the athletes .	The senators called the athletes .	entailment
The doctors who helped the athletes thanked the author .	The doctors thanked the author .	entailment
The president who encouraged the professor admired the secretaries .	The president admired the secretaries .	entailment
The senators who called the tourist thanked the author .	The senators thanked the author .	entailment
The actor that the secretary admired introduced the student .	The actor introduced the student .	entailment
The judge who performed encouraged the artists .	The judge encouraged the artists .	entailment
The lawyer who encouraged the judge called the banker .	The lawyer called the banker .	entailment
The bankers that the professors believed helped the judges .	The bankers helped the judges .	entailment
The students that danced thanked the professor .	The students thanked the professor .	entailment
The presidents who resigned introduced the athlete .	The presidents introduced the athlete .	entailment
The presidents who the senator stopped believed the lawyer .	The presidents believed the lawyer .	entailment
The artists that avoided the secretary admired the tourists .	The artists admired the tourists .	entailment
The manager who resigned recommended the artist .	The manager recommended the artist .	entailment
The artists who the author stopped introduced the doctors .	The artists introduced the doctors .	entailment
The bankers who supported the tourist admired the presidents .	The bankers admired the presidents .	entailment
The athlete who thanked the scientist avoided the doctor .	The athlete avoided the doctor .	entailment
The authors that danced saw the lawyer .	The authors saw the lawyer .	entailment
The author who recognized the athlete encouraged the president .	The author encouraged the president .	entailment
The senator that ran thanked the president .	The senator thanked the president .	entailment
The senators who the artist avoided encouraged the secretary .	The senators encouraged the secretary .	entailment
The manager that the judge recommended advised the artists .	The manager advised the artists .	entailment
The senator who waited avoided the actor .	The senator avoided the actor .	entailment
The authors who ran recognized the senator .	The authors recognized the senator .	entailment
The judge who encouraged the author recommended the managers .	The judge recommended the managers .	entailment
The doctors that slept encouraged the secretary .	The doctors encouraged the secretary .	entailment
The actor that the professor introduced recognized the lawyer .	The actor recognized the lawyer .	entailment
The tourist that the athlete stopped advised the authors .	The tourist advised the authors .	entailment
The managers who slept encouraged the scientist .	The managers encouraged the scientist .	entailment
The students that resigned advised the lawyer .	The students advised the lawyer .	entailment
The author who arrived stopped the actor .	The author stopped the actor .	entailment
The presidents who the author supported recognized the judge .	The presidents recognized the judge .	entailment
The artist that ran encouraged the professors .	The artist encouraged the professors .	entailment
The lawyer who the student introduced contacted the senators .	The lawyer contacted the senators .	entailment
The athlete that slept mentioned the actor .	The athlete mentioned the actor .	entailment
The lawyers who recognized the professors believed the judge .	The lawyers believed the judge .	entailment
The scientists that ran admired the athletes .	The scientists admired the athletes .	entailment
The author that the athlete admired thanked the senators .	The author thanked the senators .	entailment
The actors that waited called the managers .	The actors called the managers .	entailment
The doctors that the author recognized believed the senator .	The doctors believed the senator .	entailment
The artist who slept recommended the athletes .	The artist recommended the athletes .	entailment
The doctor that the secretaries saw thanked the scientists .	The doctor thanked the scientists .	entailment
The banker that performed recommended the actor .	The banker recommended the actor .	entailment
The judge who the president saw mentioned the artist .	The judge mentioned the artist .	entailment
The professor who performed believed the lawyer .	The professor believed the lawyer .	entailment
The judges who waited encouraged the actor .	The judges encouraged the actor .	entailment
The actor that the doctors encouraged helped the professor .	The actor helped the professor .	entailment
The doctor who supported the artists stopped the authors .	The doctor stopped the authors .	entailment
The actors that the students mentioned thanked the professor .	The actors thanked the professor .	entailment
The artist that the presidents believed encouraged the tourist .	The artist encouraged the tourist .	entailment
The secretaries that introduced the athlete admired the author .	The secretaries admired the author .	entailment
The artists that the athlete thanked contacted the students .	The artists contacted the students .	entailment
The scientists that the lawyer thanked helped the senators .	The scientists helped the senators .	entailment
The judge who arrived called the artists .	The judge called the artists .	entailment
The senators that slept contacted the lawyers .	The senators contacted the lawyers .	entailment
The author that the tourists helped introduced the manager .	The author introduced the manager .	entailment
The lawyers that shouted recommended the manager .	The lawyers recommended the manager .	entailment
The secretary who the judges supported saw the professors .	The secretary saw the professors .	entailment
The authors who mentioned the lawyer encouraged the actor .	The authors encouraged the actor .	entailment
The tourist who waited recognized the manager .	The tourist recognized the manager .	entailment
The tourists that performed saw the president .	The tourists saw the president .	entailment
The judge that waited stopped the authors .	The judge stopped the authors .	entailment
The doctor that slept helped the banker .	The doctor helped the banker .	entailment
The doctor who slept admired the bankers .	The doctor admired the bankers .	entailment
The managers that the athletes advised recognized the authors .	The managers recognized the authors .	entailment
The presidents who slept admired the athletes .	The presidents admired the athletes .	entailment
The banker that the doctor introduced recommended the president .	The banker recommended the president .	entailment
The judges who recommended the manager avoided the scientist .	The judges avoided the scientist .	entailment
The scientists who introduced the secretaries advised the authors .	The scientists advised the authors .	entailment
The actors that waited helped the judges .	The actors helped the judges .	entailment
The student that the senators supported called the judges .	The student called the judges .	entailment
The athletes who shouted saw the presidents .	The athletes saw the presidents .	entailment
The bankers who introduced the manager thanked the professor .	The bankers thanked the professor .	entailment
The tourists and the senators admired the athletes .	The tourists admired the athletes .	entailment
The professors and the lawyers recommended the student .	The professors recommended the student .	entailment
The secretaries encouraged the scientists and the actors .	The secretaries encouraged the actors .	entailment
The actors and the tourists avoided the lawyers .	The actors avoided the lawyers .	entailment
The professors and the judge mentioned the senator .	The professors mentioned the senator .	entailment
The manager and the banker recognized the senator .	The manager recognized the senator .	entailment
The managers encouraged the senator and the lawyer .	The managers encouraged the lawyer .	entailment
The student and the athlete believed the artists .	The student believed the artists .	entailment
The tourist and the presidents mentioned the professor .	The tourist mentioned the professor .	entailment
The artist advised the banker and the athlete .	The artist advised the athlete .	entailment
The artists admired the doctors and the bankers .	The artists admired the bankers .	entailment
The president and the authors saw the students .	The president saw the students .	entailment
The presidents contacted the students and the senators .	The presidents contacted the senators .	entailment
The judge and the manager stopped the scientists .	The judge stopped the scientists .	entailment
The banker recognized the students and the professors .	The banker recognized the professors .	entailment
The managers encouraged the banker and the artists .	The managers encouraged the artists .	entailment
The professors encouraged the athlete and the scientists .	The professors encouraged the scientists .	entailment
The scientists and the presidents saw the athlete .	The scientists saw the athlete .	entailment
The actors believed the managers and the authors .	The actors believed the authors .	entailment
The tourist stopped the secretaries and the banker .	The tourist stopped the banker .	entailment
The lawyers and the tourists saw the athletes .	The lawyers saw the athletes .	entailment
The managers and the judges believed the tourist .	The managers believed the tourist .	entailment
The lawyers encouraged the student and the tourist .	The lawyers encouraged the tourist .	entailment
The artists and the authors supported the students .	The artists supported the students .	entailment
The scientists helped the secretary and the artists .	The scientists helped the artists .	entailment
The lawyers and the scientist avoided the actor .	The lawyers avoided the actor .	entailment
The managers and the banker called the lawyer .	The managers called the lawyer .	entailment
The doctor recommended the authors and the secretaries .	The doctor recommended the secretaries .	entailment
The senators and the student admired the judges .	The senators admired the judges .	entailment
The scientists and the authors contacted the professor .	The scientists contacted the professor .	entailment
The scientists and the artists advised the athlete .	The scientists advised the athlete .	entailment
The actors and the judges saw the managers .	The actors saw the managers .	entailment
The senator advised the judges and the secretaries .	The senator advised the secretaries .	entailment
The scientist and the athletes introduced the student .	The scientist introduced the student .	entailment
The secretary and the doctors mentioned the judge .	The secretary mentioned the judge .	entailment
The athletes contacted the senators and the doctor .	The athletes contacted the doctor .	entailment
The lawyer encouraged the professor and the managers .	The lawyer encouraged the managers .	entailment
The professors and the president contacted the secretaries .	The professors contacted the secretaries .	entailment
The artists and the banker introduced the secretary .	The artists introduced the secretary .	entailment
The secretary avoided the authors and the athlete .	The secretary avoided the athlete .	entailment
The authors saw the doctor and the athletes .	The authors saw the athletes .	entailment
The manager and the secretaries contacted the athlete .	The manager contacted the athlete .	entailment
The actors called the banker and the athlete .	The actors called the athlete .	entailment
The actors and the athletes recommended the professors .	The actors recommended the professors .	entailment
The tourist recognized the secretary and the actors .	The tourist recognized the actors .	entailment
The secretaries and the professors supported the judge .	The secretaries supported the judge .	entailment
The authors and the artist encouraged the senator .	The authors encouraged the senator .	entailment
The manager saw the artist and the actors .	The manager saw the actors .	entailment
The athletes and the students avoided the professors .	The athletes avoided the professors .	entailment
The president supported the artist and the tourists .	The president supported the tourists .	entailment
The judges and the artist called the bankers .	The judges called the bankers .	entailment
The bankers and the student supported the lawyers .	The bankers supported the lawyers .	entailment
The professor advised the athletes and the doctors .	The professor advised the doctors .	entailment
The judge contacted the artists and the presidents .	The judge contacted the presidents .	entailment
The secretaries saw the students and the lawyer .	The secretaries saw the lawyer .	entailment
The secretaries and the artist stopped the judge .	The secretaries stopped the judge .	entailment
The managers and the secretary mentioned the artists .	The managers mentioned the artists .	entailment
The lawyers recognized the athlete and the tourists .	The lawyers recognized the tourists .	entailment
The lawyers and the actor mentioned the tourist .	The lawyers mentioned the tourist .	entailment
The banker and the author believed the artist .	The banker believed the artist .	entailment
The scientists admired the managers and the authors .	The scientists admired the authors .	entailment
The scientist and the lawyer thanked the secretaries .	The scientist thanked the secretaries .	entailment
The artists supported the student and the banker .	The artists supported the banker .	entailment
The student and the tourists called the athletes .	The student called the athletes .	entailment
The banker and the professors advised the secretaries .	The banker advised the secretaries .	entailment
The lawyer and the athlete saw the senator .	The lawyer saw the senator .	entailment
The secretary believed the doctors and the actors .	The secretary believed the actors .	entailment
The scientists and the president supported the senators .	The scientists supported the senators .	entailment
The judge and the lawyers believed the artist .	The judge believed the artist .	entailment
The judge thanked the doctor and the managers .	The judge thanked the managers .	entailment
The managers and the bankers believed the scientist .	The managers believed the scientist .	entailment
The bankers avoided the secretary and the doctors .	The bankers avoided the doctors .	entailment
The lawyer introduced the athletes and the secretaries .	The lawyer introduced the secretaries .	entailment
The tourist and the lawyer introduced the senators .	The tourist introduced the senators .	entailment
The athlete and the manager recognized the doctors .	The athlete recognized the doctors .	entailment
The bankers and the student called the tourist .	The bankers called the tourist .	entailment
The tourists introduced the student and the presidents .	The tourists introduced the presidents .	entailment
The secretary advised the artists and the tourists .	The secretary advised the tourists .	entailment
The actors and the judges stopped the bankers .	The actors stopped the bankers .	entailment
The actor and the athlete recognized the scientist .	The actor recognized the scientist .	entailment
The judge thanked the bankers and the artists .	The judge thanked the artists .	entailment
The athlete recognized the presidents and the banker .	The athlete recognized the banker .	entailment
The judge and the authors admired the doctors .	The judge admired the doctors .	entailment
The tourists stopped the athlete and the student .	The tourists stopped the student .	entailment
The judge believed the senators and the tourist .	The judge believed the tourist .	entailment
The professors advised the actors and the student .	The professors advised the student .	entailment
The athlete recognized the author and the lawyers .	The athlete recognized the lawyers .	entailment
The actors supported the lawyers and the authors .	The actors supported the authors .	entailment
The authors and the judges called the senators .	The authors called the senators .	entailment
The banker and the actor recommended the scientists .	The banker recommended the scientists .	entailment
The banker avoided the scientists and the tourists .	The banker avoided the tourists .	entailment
The president encouraged the scientists and the judges .	The president encouraged the judges .	entailment
The artists avoided the managers and the actors .	The artists avoided the actors .	entailment
The students encouraged the tourists and the judges .	The students encouraged the judges .	entailment
The senators and the professor admired the authors .	The senators admired the authors .	entailment
The athlete and the doctors supported the author .	The athlete supported the author .	entailment
The banker and the secretaries encouraged the judge .	The banker encouraged the judge .	entailment
The lawyer and the athlete recommended the actors .	The lawyer recommended the actors .	entailment
The professor and the manager saw the author .	The professor saw the author .	entailment
The tourist and the senators helped the manager .	The tourist helped the manager .	entailment
The manager admired the author and the scientists .	The manager admired the scientists .	entailment
The artists stopped the judge and the lawyer .	The artists stopped the lawyer .	entailment
The president believed the artist and the secretaries .	The president believed the secretaries .	entailment
The banker and the professor advised the artist .	The banker advised the artist .	entailment
The presidents advised the tourist and the authors .	The presidents advised the authors .	entailment
The lawyers and the tourists recognized the professor .	The lawyers recognized the professor .	entailment
The presidents admired the doctors and the managers .	The presidents admired the managers .	entailment
The author called the tourists and the presidents .	The author called the presidents .	entailment
The manager advised the actors and the tourist .	The manager advised the tourist .	entailment
The author supported the banker and the secretaries .	The author supported the secretaries .	entailment
The professors and the manager saw the authors .	The professors saw the authors .	entailment
The bankers mentioned the senators and the tourist .	The bankers mentioned the tourist .	entailment
The manager and the professor introduced the senators .	The manager introduced the senators .	entailment
The banker and the judge supported the president .	The banker supported the president .	entailment
The judge stopped the students and the lawyers .	The judge stopped the lawyers .	entailment
The actors and the authors admired the tourists .	The actors admired the tourists .	entailment
The athlete and the judges advised the artist .	The athlete advised the artist .	entailment
The athlete and the student thanked the professors .	The athlete thanked the professors .	entailment
The secretary and the student helped the professor .	The secretary helped the professor .	entailment
The professors helped the presidents and the student .	The professors helped the student .	entailment
The secretary and the doctor helped the lawyers .	The secretary helped the lawyers .	entailment
The managers and the bankers admired the doctor .	The managers admired the doctor .	entailment
The artists called the presidents and the manager .	The artists called the manager .	entailment
The lawyer and the senator saw the authors .	The lawyer saw the authors .	entailment
The presidents helped the bankers and the judges .	The presidents helped the judges .	entailment
The artist stopped the students and the tourist .	The artist stopped the tourist .	entailment
The senators and the student recommended the artist .	The senators recommended the artist .	entailment
The athletes and the secretary recognized the authors .	The athletes recognized the authors .	entailment
The scientists contacted the secretary and the professor .	The scientists contacted the professor .	entailment
The athletes avoided the actor and the banker .	The athletes avoided the banker .	entailment
The judges and the scientist mentioned the lawyers .	The judges mentioned the lawyers .	entailment
The manager advised the lawyers and the artists .	The manager advised the artists .	entailment
The doctor and the artists mentioned the bankers .	The doctor mentioned the bankers .	entailment
The artists recognized the authors and the managers .	The artists recognized the managers .	entailment
The banker recommended the tourist and the actors .	The banker recommended the actors .	entailment
The lawyer and the actor supported the secretary .	The lawyer supported the secretary .	entailment
The tourists advised the author and the judge .	The tourists advised the judge .	entailment
The author advised the bankers and the managers .	The author advised the managers .	entailment
The professors introduced the scientists and the lawyers .	The professors introduced the lawyers .	entailment
The scientist believed the judges and the bankers .	The scientist believed the bankers .	entailment
The artist and the lawyers admired the banker .	The artist admired the banker .	entailment
The manager admired the banker and the doctor .	The manager admired the doctor .	entailment
The judge mentioned the banker and the tourist .	The judge mentioned the tourist .	entailment
The senator saw the banker and the artists .	The senator saw the artists .	entailment
The artists introduced the professors and the judge .	The artists introduced the judge .	entailment
The lawyers avoided the senator and the tourist .	The lawyers avoided the tourist .	entailment
The scientist thanked the athletes and the banker .	The scientist thanked the banker .	entailment
The actor recognized the scientists and the bankers .	The actor recognized the bankers .	entailment
The authors and the lawyers introduced the actor .	The authors introduced the actor .	entailment
The lawyer thanked the manager and the senators .	The lawyer thanked the senators .	entailment
The bankers and the artists avoided the professor .	The bankers avoided the professor .	entailment
The tourist mentioned the student and the athletes .	The tourist mentioned the athletes .	entailment
The lawyers stopped the professors and the manager .	The lawyers stopped the manager .	entailment
The judges and the actor recommended the student .	The judges recommended the student .	entailment
The professor saw the managers and the banker .	The professor saw the banker .	entailment
The secretaries supported the tourist and the banker .	The secretaries supported the banker .	entailment
The scientist helped the student and the president .	The scientist helped the president .	entailment
The tourists stopped the senators and the scientists .	The tourists stopped the scientists .	entailment
The bankers saw the student and the artists .	The bankers saw the artists .	entailment
The judge and the managers recommended the authors .	The judge recommended the authors .	entailment
The actors and the student advised the doctor .	The actors advised the doctor .	entailment
The senator supported the presidents and the scientists .	The senator supported the scientists .	entailment
The senators advised the actor and the judge .	The senators advised the judge .	entailment
The bankers advised the lawyers and the professor .	The bankers advised the professor .	entailment
The bankers contacted the scientists and the student .	The bankers contacted the student .	entailment
The artist called the doctor and the actors .	The artist called the actors .	entailment
The managers and the lawyer introduced the student .	The managers introduced the student .	entailment
The secretaries and the scientist supported the student .	The secretaries supported the student .	entailment
The judges recognized the scientists and the secretary .	The judges recognized the secretary .	entailment
The student recommended the manager and the lawyers .	The student recommended the lawyers .	entailment
The scientist and the author contacted the judges .	The scientist contacted the judges .	entailment
The student and the senator encouraged the judges .	The student encouraged the judges .	entailment
The scientist and the artists encouraged the tourists .	The scientist encouraged the tourists .	entailment
The senator admired the professor and the actor .	The senator admired the actor .	entailment
The tourists and the artists believed the banker .	The tourists believed the banker .	entailment
The authors and the manager stopped the actors .	The authors stopped the actors .	entailment
The professors and the author admired the lawyers .	The professors admired the lawyers .	entailment
The professor and the lawyers stopped the judge .	The professor stopped the judge .	entailment
The professors and the scientist avoided the athletes .	The professors avoided the athletes .	entailment
The authors and the students avoided the scientists .	The authors avoided the scientists .	entailment
The banker and the professors introduced the lawyers .	The banker introduced the lawyers .	entailment
The authors and the professors called the manager .	The authors called the manager .	entailment
The doctor and the lawyers thanked the tourists .	The doctor thanked the tourists .	entailment
The lawyer and the secretaries called the scientists .	The lawyer called the scientists .	entailment
The athletes advised the doctors and the secretary .	The athletes advised the secretary .	entailment
The professor and the senator thanked the lawyer .	The professor thanked the lawyer .	entailment
The tourists introduced the scientist and the judge .	The tourists introduced the judge .	entailment
The scientists and the athletes contacted the lawyers .	The scientists contacted the lawyers .	entailment
The artists encouraged the author and the president .	The artists encouraged the president .	entailment
The student and the author saw the doctor .	The student saw the doctor .	entailment
The athletes believed the professors and the lawyer .	The athletes believed the lawyer .	entailment
The senator admired the secretaries and the athletes .	The senator admired the athletes .	entailment
The scientist and the secretary advised the doctors .	The scientist advised the doctors .	entailment
The manager and the lawyers contacted the judges .	The manager contacted the judges .	entailment
The tourist advised the lawyers and the senator .	The tourist advised the senator .	entailment
The doctor supported the student and the actor .	The doctor supported the actor .	entailment
The tourist introduced the athletes and the professor .	The tourist introduced the professor .	entailment
The actor helped the manager and the senators .	The actor helped the senators .	entailment
The actor advised the senators and the president .	The actor advised the president .	entailment
The artist recommended the secretaries and the athlete .	The artist recommended the athlete .	entailment
The actor encouraged the president and the author .	The actor encouraged the author .	entailment
The artist believed the actors and the judge .	The artist believed the judge .	entailment
The actor and the athletes supported the lawyer .	The actor supported the lawyer .	entailment
The artists and the president thanked the tourists .	The artists thanked the tourists .	entailment
The scientists and the artists contacted the authors .	The scientists contacted the authors .	entailment
The students stopped the judge and the manager .	The students stopped the manager .	entailment
The manager helped the doctors and the artists .	The manager helped the artists .	entailment
The lawyers believed the presidents and the professors .	The lawyers believed the professors .	entailment
The scientists stopped the artists and the bankers .	The scientists stopped the bankers .	entailment
The judges contacted the students and the lawyers .	The judges contacted the lawyers .	entailment
The author and the scientists believed the secretaries .	The author believed the secretaries .	entailment
The artists mentioned the senators and the professor .	The artists mentioned the professor .	entailment
The artists and the lawyer saw the students .	The artists saw the students .	entailment
The author and the scientists supported the tourist .	The author supported the tourist .	entailment
The managers recommended the athlete and the tourist .	The managers recommended the tourist .	entailment
The judge and the presidents recognized the lawyers .	The judge recognized the lawyers .	entailment
The scientists encouraged the presidents and the judge .	The scientists encouraged the judge .	entailment
The lawyers mentioned the actors and the judge .	The lawyers mentioned the judge .	entailment
The professors admired the senator and the lawyer .	The professors admired the lawyer .	entailment
The actors avoided the professors and the athlete .	The actors avoided the athlete .	entailment
The actor stopped the author and the professor .	The actor stopped the professor .	entailment
The judges and the doctor stopped the scientist .	The judges stopped the scientist .	entailment
The lawyers avoided the senators and the athletes .	The lawyers avoided the athletes .	entailment
The scientists encouraged the president and the professors .	The scientists encouraged the professors .	entailment
The doctors and the athletes mentioned the student .	The doctors mentioned the student .	entailment
The secretaries and the authors believed the students .	The secretaries believed the students .	entailment
The bankers avoided the athlete and the tourist .	The bankers avoided the tourist .	entailment
The author believed the scientists and the lawyer .	The author believed the lawyer .	entailment
The tourists stopped the banker and the judge .	The tourists stopped the judge .	entailment
The secretary helped the judge and the lawyer .	The secretary helped the lawyer .	entailment
The author encouraged the athlete and the secretary .	The author encouraged the secretary .	entailment
The judge stopped the tourists and the athletes .	The judge stopped the athletes .	entailment
The students stopped the secretary and the senator .	The students stopped the senator .	entailment
The athlete introduced the artist and the doctors .	The athlete introduced the doctors .	entailment
The athlete believed the artists and the students .	The athlete believed the students .	entailment
The doctor recommended the scientist and the bankers .	The doctor recommended the bankers .	entailment
The lawyers and the athletes thanked the senators .	The lawyers thanked the senators .	entailment
The lawyer encouraged the doctor and the secretary .	The lawyer encouraged the secretary .	entailment
The senator and the secretaries advised the lawyer .	The senator advised the lawyer .	entailment
The actors and the manager saw the authors .	The actors saw the authors .	entailment
The scientists and the artist avoided the secretaries .	The scientists avoided the secretaries .	entailment
The athlete supported the lawyers and the senators .	The athlete supported the senators .	entailment
The scientists and the tourist believed the actors .	The scientists believed the actors .	entailment
The author and the artist mentioned the scientist .	The author mentioned the scientist .	entailment
The artists and the authors helped the secretary .	The artists helped the secretary .	entailment
The bankers and the senator encouraged the professors .	The bankers encouraged the professors .	entailment
The senator and the author recommended the athlete .	The senator recommended the athlete .	entailment
The students and the lawyer stopped the manager .	The students stopped the manager .	entailment
The professors avoided the judge and the actor .	The professors avoided the actor .	entailment
The senators advised the athlete and the president .	The senators advised the president .	entailment
The president and the senator introduced the students .	The president introduced the students .	entailment
The student and the senator saw the athlete .	The student saw the athlete .	entailment
The actors and the professor avoided the judges .	The actors avoided the judges .	entailment
The authors contacted the scientist and the actor .	The authors contacted the actor .	entailment
The authors contacted the manager and the bankers .	The authors contacted the bankers .	entailment
The scientists contacted the manager and the tourists .	The scientists contacted the tourists .	entailment
The professors mentioned the senators and the authors .	The professors mentioned the authors .	entailment
The artist and the professor thanked the actors .	The artist thanked the actors .	entailment
The tourists thanked the students and the athlete .	The tourists thanked the athlete .	entailment
The tourists admired the athletes and the senator .	The tourists admired the senator .	entailment
The presidents and the professor mentioned the lawyers .	The presidents mentioned the lawyers .	entailment
The actor and the doctors saw the senators .	The actor saw the senators .	entailment
The professor and the tourist recognized the judges .	The professor recognized the judges .	entailment
The senator contacted the professor and the secretary .	The senator contacted the secretary .	entailment
The author and the student recognized the presidents .	The author recognized the presidents .	entailment
The professor and the actor advised the doctors .	The professor advised the doctors .	entailment
The student introduced the scientist and the doctors .	The student introduced the doctors .	entailment
The president contacted the artists and the senator .	The president contacted the senator .	entailment
The actor and the athletes recognized the tourists .	The actor recognized the tourists .	entailment
The lawyer and the professors recommended the managers .	The lawyer recommended the managers .	entailment
The athletes admired the professor and the doctor .	The athletes admired the doctor .	entailment
The professor thanked the doctors and the actor .	The professor thanked the actor .	entailment
The tourists believed the professors and the student .	The tourists believed the student .	entailment
The presidents and the students recommended the lawyers .	The presidents recommended the lawyers .	entailment
The athletes and the bankers saw the authors .	The athletes saw the authors .	entailment
The athlete and the artist stopped the president .	The athlete stopped the president .	entailment
The actors and the athletes called the managers .	The actors called the managers .	entailment
The senators mentioned the author and the tourist .	The senators mentioned the tourist .	entailment
The lawyers and the bankers called the student .	The lawyers called the student .	entailment
The student avoided the bankers and the president .	The student avoided the president .	entailment
The actor recognized the lawyers and the doctors .	The actor recognized the doctors .	entailment
The students and the doctors introduced the tourist .	The students introduced the tourist .	entailment
The lawyers and the artists saw the secretary .	The lawyers saw the secretary .	entailment
The authors saw the tourist and the actors .	The authors saw the actors .	entailment
The doctors supported the lawyers and the professor .	The doctors supported the professor .	entailment
The lawyer and the judge supported the bankers .	The lawyer supported the bankers .	entailment
The secretary stopped the president and the students .	The secretary stopped the students .	entailment
The student called the secretaries and the author .	The student called the author .	entailment
The manager and the professor believed the student .	The manager believed the student .	entailment
The judge recommended the professor and the actors .	The judge recommended the actors .	entailment
The managers advised the tourists and the author .	The managers advised the author .	entailment
The authors and the scientists admired the athletes .	The authors admired the athletes .	entailment
The actors recognized the tourist and the scientists .	The actors recognized the scientists .	entailment
The doctor supported the students and the manager .	The doctor supported the manager .	entailment
The secretary and the lawyers called the president .	The secretary called the president .	entailment
The lawyer advised the athlete and the artists .	The lawyer advised the artists .	entailment
The students called the artist and the senator .	The students called the senator .	entailment
The actors recognized the author and the students .	The actors recognized the students .	entailment
The manager and the doctors stopped the judge .	The manager stopped the judge .	entailment
The managers mentioned the tourist and the presidents .	The managers mentioned the presidents .	entailment
The students and the senator contacted the lawyer .	The students contacted the lawyer .	entailment
The manager and the banker recommended the professors .	The manager recommended the professors .	entailment
The doctor mentioned the judge and the athlete .	The doctor mentioned the athlete .	entailment
The student and the senators encouraged the tourists .	The student encouraged the tourists .	entailment
The lawyer saw the authors and the managers .	The lawyer saw the managers .	entailment
The secretaries and the judge stopped the doctor .	The secretaries stopped the doctor .	entailment
The lawyer recognized the senators and the artist .	The lawyer recognized the artist .	entailment
The authors thanked the professor and the presidents .	The authors thanked the presidents .	entailment
The actors recommended the scientists and the athletes .	The actors recommended the athletes .	entailment
The manager and the banker believed the artist .	The manager believed the artist .	entailment
The professors and the student believed the authors .	The professors believed the authors .	entailment
The senators and the lawyers believed the scientist .	The senators believed the scientist .	entailment
The secretary saw the author and the artist .	The secretary saw the artist .	entailment
The authors thanked the athlete and the scientist .	The authors thanked the scientist .	entailment
The actors and the lawyer called the senator .	The actors called the senator .	entailment
The athlete helped the secretaries and the senators .	The athlete helped the senators .	entailment
The scientist and the tourist contacted the doctors .	The scientist contacted the doctors .	entailment
The athletes called the managers and the presidents .	The athletes called the presidents .	entailment
The managers called the senator and the student .	The managers called the student .	entailment
The president and the artist saw the professors .	The president saw the professors .	entailment
The scientists saw the senator and the judge .	The scientists saw the judge .	entailment
The judges and the athlete saw the banker .	The judges saw the banker .	entailment
The author thanked the banker and the tourists .	The author thanked the tourists .	entailment
The secretary mentioned the professor and the judge .	The secretary mentioned the judge .	entailment
The doctor and the athlete introduced the artist .	The doctor introduced the artist .	entailment
The actors and the authors supported the president .	The actors supported the president .	entailment
The athletes and the student thanked the judge .	The athletes thanked the judge .	entailment
The artist and the lawyer saw the managers .	The artist saw the managers .	entailment
The senator recommended the professors and the tourist .	The senator recommended the tourist .	entailment
The bankers and the senator helped the secretaries .	The bankers helped the secretaries .	entailment
The tourist and the secretary avoided the authors .	The tourist avoided the authors .	entailment
The president and the lawyers introduced the secretaries .	The president introduced the secretaries .	entailment
The authors and the artist supported the athlete .	The authors supported the athlete .	entailment
The author recognized the managers and the students .	The author recognized the students .	entailment
The professor supported the author and the lawyer .	The professor supported the lawyer .	entailment
The banker and the student saw the professors .	The banker saw the professors .	entailment
The athlete and the banker advised the lawyer .	The athlete advised the lawyer .	entailment
The professors and the bankers supported the tourist .	The professors supported the tourist .	entailment
The senators believed the actors and the secretaries .	The senators believed the secretaries .	entailment
The tourists and the athlete recognized the actor .	The tourists recognized the actor .	entailment
The author and the lawyer called the tourists .	The author called the tourists .	entailment
The actors stopped the artist and the lawyer .	The actors stopped the lawyer .	entailment
The authors and the actor avoided the lawyer .	The authors avoided the lawyer .	entailment
The actors supported the secretaries and the artists .	The actors supported the artists .	entailment
The senators called the president and the scientists .	The senators called the scientists .	entailment
The professors and the students recommended the senators .	The professors recommended the senators .	entailment
The artists thanked the actor and the authors .	The artists thanked the authors .	entailment
The lawyers saw the presidents and the bankers .	The lawyers saw the bankers .	entailment
The professors admired the secretary and the actors .	The professors admired the actors .	entailment
The athletes supported the artists and the doctor .	The athletes supported the doctor .	entailment
The athlete believed the professors and the bankers .	The athlete believed the bankers .	entailment
The artist and the presidents recommended the judges .	The artist recommended the judges .	entailment
The scientist stopped the presidents and the professor .	The scientist stopped the professor .	entailment
The professor saw the scientists and the president .	The professor saw the president .	entailment
The secretary and the senators contacted the doctor .	The secretary contacted the doctor .	entailment
The doctors and the lawyer admired the artist .	The doctors admired the artist .	entailment
The president avoided the senator and the athletes .	The president avoided the athletes .	entailment
The secretaries saw the lawyer and the athletes .	The secretaries saw the athletes .	entailment
The presidents helped the tourist and the secretaries .	The presidents helped the secretaries .	entailment
The artists and the managers advised the president .	The artists advised the president .	entailment
The managers and the artists contacted the actors .	The managers contacted the actors .	entailment
The actor and the lawyers saw the professor .	The actor saw the professor .	entailment
The presidents helped the doctors and the scientist .	The presidents helped the scientist .	entailment
The author saw the artists and the students .	The author saw the students .	entailment
The scientists and the professors mentioned the author .	The scientists mentioned the author .	entailment
The students believed the artist and the secretary .	The students believed the secretary .	entailment
The president and the judge mentioned the professors .	The president mentioned the professors .	entailment
The judges thanked the authors and the doctor .	The judges thanked the doctor .	entailment
The student advised the tourists and the professor .	The student advised the professor .	entailment
The tourist contacted the judges and the manager .	The tourist contacted the manager .	entailment
The athlete and the judge advised the professor .	The athlete advised the professor .	entailment
The secretary contacted the actors and the artists .	The secretary contacted the artists .	entailment
The students and the tourists introduced the doctor .	The students introduced the doctor .	entailment
The judges recommended the professors and the artists .	The judges recommended the artists .	entailment
The author and the senators saw the lawyer .	The author saw the lawyer .	entailment
The senator thanked the lawyer and the secretaries .	The senator thanked the secretaries .	entailment
The manager avoided the professors and the artists .	The manager avoided the artists .	entailment
The judges thanked the athletes and the manager .	The judges thanked the manager .	entailment
The manager and the authors encouraged the senator .	The manager encouraged the senator .	entailment
The artists mentioned the doctor and the president .	The artists mentioned the president .	entailment
The student and the senator encouraged the scientists .	The student encouraged the scientists .	entailment
The judge and the artist avoided the professors .	The judge avoided the professors .	entailment
The judge introduced the senators and the banker .	The judge introduced the banker .	entailment
The tourists contacted the students and the banker .	The tourists contacted the banker .	entailment
The tourists and the athlete advised the judges .	The tourists advised the judges .	entailment
The manager introduced the student and the banker .	The manager introduced the banker .	entailment
The authors contacted the tourists and the manager .	The authors contacted the manager .	entailment
The senator recommended the student and the lawyer .	The senator recommended the lawyer .	entailment
The senators called the student and the professor .	The senators called the professor .	entailment
The manager encouraged the tourist and the scientists .	The manager encouraged the scientists .	entailment
The lawyer helped the athletes and the manager .	The lawyer helped the manager .	entailment
The presidents called the artists and the authors .	The presidents called the authors .	entailment
The secretary helped the athletes and the judge .	The secretary helped the judge .	entailment
The artist thanked the author and the scientists .	The artist thanked the scientists .	entailment
The bankers and the scientists admired the artist .	The bankers admired the artist .	entailment
The tourists recommended the author and the secretary .	The tourists recommended the secretary .	entailment
The athletes recognized the presidents and the scientists .	The athletes recognized the scientists .	entailment
The tourists recommended the scientists and the manager .	The tourists recommended the manager .	entailment
The athlete and the lawyer encouraged the senators .	The athlete encouraged the senators .	entailment
The scientist and the actor called the president .	The scientist called the president .	entailment
The presidents and the doctor avoided the author .	The presidents avoided the author .	entailment
The professor admired the president and the actors .	The professor admired the actors .	entailment
The managers and the author recommended the professors .	The managers recommended the professors .	entailment
The student introduced the secretary and the athletes .	The student introduced the athletes .	entailment
The authors and the athlete encouraged the actor .	The authors encouraged the actor .	entailment
The tourists called the senators and the banker .	The tourists called the banker .	entailment
The doctor and the bankers believed the professors .	The doctor believed the professors .	entailment
The professors and the managers admired the senators .	The professors admired the senators .	entailment
The artist and the secretaries recognized the athlete .	The artist recognized the athlete .	entailment
The student avoided the actor and the scientists .	The student avoided the scientists .	entailment
The secretaries and the senators thanked the athlete .	The secretaries thanked the athlete .	entailment
The scientist and the artists admired the doctor .	The scientist admired the doctor .	entailment
The manager and the scientists recommended the actors .	The manager recommended the actors .	entailment
The student and the tourists thanked the athletes .	The student thanked the athletes .	entailment
The tourists and the senator stopped the student .	The tourists stopped the student .	entailment
The secretaries mentioned the actor and the lawyer .	The secretaries mentioned the lawyer .	entailment
The actor thanked the author and the judges .	The actor thanked the judges .	entailment
The judges and the student believed the presidents .	The judges believed the presidents .	entailment
The actor mentioned the lawyers and the artists .	The actor mentioned the artists .	entailment
The banker and the manager admired the judge .	The banker admired the judge .	entailment
The actors and the artists contacted the tourists .	The actors contacted the tourists .	entailment
The judges called the athlete and the doctors .	The judges called the doctors .	entailment
The senator and the tourist admired the student .	The senator admired the student .	entailment
The student encouraged the artists and the senators .	The student encouraged the senators .	entailment
The senator and the student contacted the author .	The senator contacted the author .	entailment
The secretaries believed the students and the professors .	The secretaries believed the professors .	entailment
The author and the professor mentioned the doctor .	The author mentioned the doctor .	entailment
The judge and the president advised the scientist .	The judge advised the scientist .	entailment
The professors introduced the tourists and the lawyer .	The professors introduced the lawyer .	entailment
The lawyer and the authors called the bankers .	The lawyer called the bankers .	entailment
The manager and the secretaries avoided the artists .	The manager avoided the artists .	entailment
The lawyer encouraged the scientists and the bankers .	The lawyer encouraged the bankers .	entailment
The bankers and the managers contacted the lawyer .	The bankers contacted the lawyer .	entailment
The students supported the doctors and the artists .	The students supported the artists .	entailment
The athletes advised the actors and the manager .	The athletes advised the manager .	entailment
The actors mentioned the secretary and the students .	The actors mentioned the students .	entailment
The senator supported the judges and the president .	The senator supported the president .	entailment
The athletes and the manager thanked the artist .	The athletes thanked the artist .	entailment
The judges and the senators admired the athletes .	The judges admired the athletes .	entailment
The authors recognized the tourist and the scientist .	The authors recognized the scientist .	entailment
The presidents called the senators and the actors .	The presidents called the actors .	entailment
The presidents contacted the lawyer and the students .	The presidents contacted the students .	entailment
The athlete and the banker helped the scientist .	The athlete helped the scientist .	entailment
The students and the presidents advised the senator .	The students advised the senator .	entailment
The authors mentioned the actor and the athlete .	The authors mentioned the athlete .	entailment
The secretary and the athletes contacted the judges .	The secretary contacted the judges .	entailment
The senator and the professor thanked the manager .	The senator thanked the manager .	entailment
The actor and the athletes introduced the artist .	The actor introduced the artist .	entailment
The senator and the author introduced the lawyers .	The senator introduced the lawyers .	entailment
The lawyer and the doctor mentioned the manager .	The lawyer mentioned the manager .	entailment
The judge admired the bankers and the athlete .	The judge admired the athlete .	entailment
The judges and the actors helped the manager .	The judges helped the manager .	entailment
The students and the authors advised the athlete .	The students advised the athlete .	entailment
The bankers saw the authors and the manager .	The bankers saw the manager .	entailment
The judges and the student saw the managers .	The judges saw the managers .	entailment
The banker mentioned the authors and the secretary .	The banker mentioned the secretary .	entailment
The doctors and the tourists mentioned the managers .	The doctors mentioned the managers .	entailment
The doctors and the scientist thanked the presidents .	The doctors thanked the presidents .	entailment
The athlete and the senators recommended the authors .	The athlete recommended the authors .	entailment
The banker stopped the tourists and the president .	The banker stopped the president .	entailment
The professor contacted the authors and the manager .	The professor contacted the manager .	entailment
The lawyers and the actor recommended the presidents .	The lawyers recommended the presidents .	entailment
The tourist and the manager believed the president .	The tourist believed the president .	entailment
The judge and the actors helped the author .	The judge helped the author .	entailment
The actors helped the tourist and the president .	The actors helped the president .	entailment
The banker and the student contacted the athletes .	The banker contacted the athletes .	entailment
The scientist helped the senators and the student .	The scientist helped the student .	entailment
The senators believed the scientist and the presidents .	The senators believed the presidents .	entailment
The actors and the judges avoided the manager .	The actors avoided the manager .	entailment
The actor and the students thanked the senator .	The actor thanked the senator .	entailment
The professor helped the student and the banker .	The professor helped the banker .	entailment
The president mentioned the actors and the banker .	The president mentioned the banker .	entailment
The artist admired the professors and the manager .	The artist admired the manager .	entailment
The doctor and the students saw the author .	The doctor saw the author .	entailment
The artist and the judges saw the senators .	The artist saw the senators .	entailment
The professor and the banker recognized the manager .	The professor recognized the manager .	entailment
The judge and the bankers recommended the authors .	The judge recommended the authors .	entailment
The athletes and the president advised the artist .	The athletes advised the artist .	entailment
The actor and the managers recommended the athletes .	The actor recommended the athletes .	entailment
The artist thanked the doctor and the scientists .	The artist thanked the scientists .	entailment
The doctors and the professors stopped the lawyers .	The doctors stopped the lawyers .	entailment
The actors supported the student and the secretaries .	The actors supported the secretaries .	entailment
The athlete and the actor recognized the senator .	The athlete recognized the senator .	entailment
The president and the students recognized the bankers .	The president recognized the bankers .	entailment
The scientists and the professor called the artist .	The scientists called the artist .	entailment
The authors and the scientists advised the president .	The authors advised the president .	entailment
The doctors and the lawyer stopped the judge .	The doctors stopped the judge .	entailment
The tourists called the scientist and the bankers .	The tourists called the bankers .	entailment
The senator and the student stopped the banker .	The senator stopped the banker .	entailment
The lawyer and the actor admired the senator .	The lawyer admired the senator .	entailment
The lawyers and the artists avoided the professors .	The lawyers avoided the professors .	entailment
The actor admired the senators and the judge .	The actor admired the judge .	entailment
The senators and the artist recognized the lawyer .	The senators recognized the lawyer .	entailment
The artists and the manager advised the president .	The artists advised the president .	entailment
The actors and the scientists introduced the manager .	The actors introduced the manager .	entailment
The athletes supported the president and the tourist .	The athletes supported the tourist .	entailment
The professors stopped the athlete and the managers .	The professors stopped the managers .	entailment
The artist mentioned the tourists and the secretary .	The artist mentioned the secretary .	entailment
The judge and the artist supported the president .	The judge supported the president .	entailment
The student and the tourists avoided the senators .	The student avoided the senators .	entailment
The actor and the judge introduced the students .	The actor introduced the students .	entailment
The managers mentioned the senator and the judge .	The managers mentioned the judge .	entailment
The doctors saw the secretaries and the professors .	The doctors saw the professors .	entailment
The senators helped the presidents and the manager .	The senators helped the manager .	entailment
The athletes avoided the actors and the banker .	The athletes avoided the banker .	entailment
The president encouraged the artist and the lawyer .	The president encouraged the lawyer .	entailment
The scientist and the president admired the actors .	The scientist admired the actors .	entailment
The judges called the banker and the manager .	The judges called the manager .	entailment
The lawyer called the tourist and the artist .	The lawyer called the artist .	entailment
The manager introduced the senator and the doctors .	The manager introduced the doctors .	entailment
The actors admired the artist and the bankers .	The actors admired the bankers .	entailment
The scientists and the managers stopped the athletes .	The scientists stopped the athletes .	entailment
The tourists and the professors mentioned the judges .	The tourists mentioned the judges .	entailment
The doctors contacted the presidents and the actors .	The doctors contacted the actors .	entailment
The student and the secretary admired the artists .	The student admired the artists .	entailment
The students and the senators saw the lawyer .	The students saw the lawyer .	entailment
The manager recommended the tourists and the student .	The manager recommended the student .	entailment
The student helped the president and the tourists .	The student helped the tourists .	entailment
The senators and the lawyers supported the doctor .	The senators supported the doctor .	entailment
The professors introduced the athletes and the tourists .	The professors introduced the tourists .	entailment
The artist and the judges admired the tourists .	The artist admired the tourists .	entailment
The scientist and the judge thanked the doctors .	The scientist thanked the doctors .	entailment
The manager and the artists believed the scientists .	The manager believed the scientists .	entailment
The athlete and the artist stopped the banker .	The athlete stopped the banker .	entailment
The judge stopped the secretaries and the lawyer .	The judge stopped the lawyer .	entailment
The students and the professors recognized the presidents .	The students recognized the presidents .	entailment
The president and the author supported the student .	The president supported the student .	entailment
The scientist and the judge contacted the secretaries .	The scientist contacted the secretaries .	entailment
The student and the doctor contacted the manager .	The student contacted the manager .	entailment
The secretary advised the lawyers and the author .	The secretary advised the author .	entailment
The senators and the doctors encouraged the lawyer .	The senators encouraged the lawyer .	entailment
The senators mentioned the judge and the tourists .	The senators mentioned the tourists .	entailment
The doctors and the manager introduced the scientists .	The doctors introduced the scientists .	entailment
The scientists saw the authors and the athletes .	The scientists saw the athletes .	entailment
The managers and the bankers called the doctors .	The managers called the doctors .	entailment
The banker advised the professor and the presidents .	The banker advised the presidents .	entailment
The secretaries and the actors recommended the judges .	The secretaries recommended the judges .	entailment
The artists and the actors avoided the president .	The artists avoided the president .	entailment
The authors and the presidents helped the lawyer .	The authors helped the lawyer .	entailment
The author advised the tourist and the athletes .	The author advised the athletes .	entailment
The senator contacted the artists and the scientists .	The senator contacted the scientists .	entailment
The lawyers and the students recommended the athletes .	The lawyers recommended the athletes .	entailment
The senator introduced the actor and the judge .	The senator introduced the judge .	entailment
The tourists helped the senators and the bankers .	The tourists helped the bankers .	entailment
The scientists and the students saw the secretaries .	The scientists saw the secretaries .	entailment
The athlete and the judge introduced the tourists .	The athlete introduced the tourists .	entailment
The tourists avoided the manager and the bankers .	The tourists avoided the bankers .	entailment
The tourists and the scientists avoided the doctor .	The tourists avoided the doctor .	entailment
The president stopped the actors and the artists .	The president stopped the artists .	entailment
The scientist and the lawyers believed the secretary .	The scientist believed the secretary .	entailment
The judges mentioned the lawyer and the professors .	The judges mentioned the professors .	entailment
The lawyers and the senator encouraged the scientist .	The lawyers encouraged the scientist .	entailment
The senators and the student introduced the artists .	The senators introduced the artists .	entailment
The president and the senator called the judges .	The president called the judges .	entailment
The artist and the doctor recommended the secretaries .	The artist recommended the secretaries .	entailment
The professor and the doctor introduced the athlete .	The professor introduced the athlete .	entailment
The president recommended the professors and the authors .	The president recommended the authors .	entailment
The secretaries and the artists recommended the senator .	The secretaries recommended the senator .	entailment
The banker and the presidents believed the professors .	The banker believed the professors .	entailment
The banker and the scientists introduced the student .	The banker introduced the student .	entailment
The president and the lawyer introduced the actors .	The president introduced the actors .	entailment
The authors called the lawyers and the senator .	The authors called the senator .	entailment
The artists and the judges recognized the presidents .	The artists recognized the presidents .	entailment
The scientist and the lawyers helped the athletes .	The scientist helped the athletes .	entailment
The managers helped the artists and the student .	The managers helped the student .	entailment
The athletes and the secretaries contacted the professor .	The athletes contacted the professor .	entailment
The students admired the lawyers and the athlete .	The students admired the athlete .	entailment
The senators and the bankers contacted the managers .	The senators contacted the managers .	entailment
The judge and the doctor admired the scientists .	The judge admired the scientists .	entailment
The professors stopped the president and the secretaries .	The professors stopped the secretaries .	entailment
The actor advised the students and the artists .	The actor advised the artists .	entailment
The judge helped the athletes and the actors .	The judge helped the actors .	entailment
The athlete and the managers admired the authors .	The athlete admired the authors .	entailment
The tourist and the students avoided the senator .	The tourist avoided the senator .	entailment
The banker and the presidents supported the lawyer .	The banker supported the lawyer .	entailment
The president recognized the secretaries and the tourist .	The president recognized the tourist .	entailment
The students recommended the judge and the actors .	The students recommended the actors .	entailment
The athletes contacted the professor and the secretaries .	The athletes contacted the secretaries .	entailment
The managers and the author introduced the bankers .	The managers introduced the bankers .	entailment
The president recognized the students and the athletes .	The president recognized the athletes .	entailment
The doctor and the students admired the manager .	The doctor admired the manager .	entailment
The secretaries and the lawyer mentioned the judge .	The secretaries mentioned the judge .	entailment
The scientist and the presidents supported the doctors .	The scientist supported the doctors .	entailment
The president and the authors recognized the professors .	The president recognized the professors .	entailment
The lawyers and the actor contacted the athlete .	The lawyers contacted the athlete .	entailment
The authors thanked the tourists and the doctors .	The authors thanked the doctors .	entailment
The managers and the athlete stopped the secretaries .	The managers stopped the secretaries .	entailment
The author and the scientist introduced the lawyers .	The author introduced the lawyers .	entailment
The secretaries believed the presidents and the senator .	The secretaries believed the senator .	entailment
The scientists and the lawyer mentioned the senator .	The scientists mentioned the senator .	entailment
The author supported the secretaries and the artist .	The author supported the artist .	entailment
The president and the athletes contacted the actors .	The president contacted the actors .	entailment
The artist and the author contacted the tourist .	The artist contacted the tourist .	entailment
The tourists encouraged the authors and the manager .	The tourists encouraged the manager .	entailment
The managers and the professors introduced the scientist .	The managers introduced the scientist .	entailment
The tourists and the senator supported the scientist .	The tourists supported the scientist .	entailment
The managers and the doctor mentioned the students .	The managers mentioned the students .	entailment
The president and the athletes encouraged the scientist .	The president encouraged the scientist .	entailment
The students supported the presidents and the senator .	The students supported the senator .	entailment
The student advised the author and the doctors .	The student advised the doctors .	entailment
The senator and the tourist saw the athletes .	The senator saw the athletes .	entailment
The actors and the secretaries stopped the professor .	The actors stopped the professor .	entailment
The manager and the students avoided the doctors .	The manager avoided the doctors .	entailment
The doctor and the judges believed the secretary .	The doctor believed the secretary .	entailment
The scientist and the professors believed the artist .	The scientist believed the artist .	entailment
The actor and the doctor contacted the secretaries .	The actor contacted the secretaries .	entailment
The presidents and the senators called the scientist .	The presidents called the scientist .	entailment
The doctor and the scientist introduced the lawyer .	The doctor introduced the lawyer .	entailment
The author called the manager and the artist .	The author called the artist .	entailment
The senators helped the artist and the managers .	The senators helped the managers .	entailment
The tourist stopped the author and the judge .	The tourist stopped the judge .	entailment
The president and the doctor recommended the managers .	The president recommended the managers .	entailment
The actor called the professors and the senator .	The actor called the senator .	entailment
The students and the secretaries mentioned the authors .	The students mentioned the authors .	entailment
The bankers and the artists helped the athletes .	The bankers helped the athletes .	entailment
The tourists advised the judges and the author .	The tourists advised the author .	entailment
The professor and the senators saw the scientists .	The professor saw the scientists .	entailment
The actor mentioned the professor and the bankers .	The actor mentioned the bankers .	entailment
The author and the senator contacted the secretary .	The author contacted the secretary .	entailment
The lawyers introduced the senator and the artists .	The lawyers introduced the artists .	entailment
The athletes introduced the banker and the judge .	The athletes introduced the judge .	entailment
The bankers helped the doctors and the senators .	The bankers helped the senators .	entailment
The artists called the athletes and the manager .	The artists called the manager .	entailment
The secretaries called the scientists and the tourists .	The secretaries called the tourists .	entailment
The scientist saw the managers and the authors .	The scientist saw the authors .	entailment
The doctor saw the actor and the banker .	The doctor saw the banker .	entailment
The banker and the athlete recommended the tourists .	The banker recommended the tourists .	entailment
The actors and the scientists stopped the author .	The actors stopped the author .	entailment
The manager believed the banker and the athlete .	The manager believed the athlete .	entailment
The banker stopped the scientists and the presidents .	The banker stopped the presidents .	entailment
The students stopped the lawyers and the scientists .	The students stopped the scientists .	entailment
The doctor stopped the student and the manager .	The doctor stopped the manager .	entailment
The professor and the authors thanked the student .	The professor thanked the student .	entailment
The secretary and the presidents advised the manager .	The secretary advised the manager .	entailment
The professor admired the artists and the manager .	The professor admired the manager .	entailment
The artist and the athlete thanked the doctors .	The artist thanked the doctors .	entailment
The artists and the actor believed the students .	The artists believed the students .	entailment
The senators saw the athletes and the managers .	The senators saw the managers .	entailment
The author and the doctor admired the professor .	The author admired the professor .	entailment
The tourists avoided the doctor and the students .	The tourists avoided the students .	entailment
The secretary and the athlete advised the scientists .	The secretary advised the scientists .	entailment
The artist and the manager called the scientist .	The artist called the scientist .	entailment
The banker avoided the artist and the manager .	The banker avoided the manager .	entailment
The athlete mentioned the professor and the banker .	The athlete mentioned the banker .	entailment
The artist called the scientist and the manager .	The artist called the manager .	entailment
The judge admired the senator and the artist .	The judge admired the artist .	entailment
The athlete believed the scientists and the doctor .	The athlete believed the doctor .	entailment
The senators encouraged the judge and the doctors .	The senators encouraged the doctors .	entailment
The presidents admired the scientists and the tourists .	The presidents admired the tourists .	entailment
The professors and the managers supported the bankers .	The professors supported the bankers .	entailment
The artist thanked the secretaries and the actor .	The artist thanked the actor .	entailment
The athletes and the professors saw the presidents .	The athletes saw the presidents .	entailment
The secretaries and the scientist encouraged the manager .	The secretaries encouraged the manager .	entailment
The tourists and the managers helped the author .	The tourists helped the author .	entailment
The senator called the scientist and the tourist .	The senator called the tourist .	entailment
The professor and the judges admired the manager .	The professor admired the manager .	entailment
The presidents introduced the artists and the author .	The presidents introduced the author .	entailment
The lawyers recognized the president and the doctors .	The lawyers recognized the doctors .	entailment
The author stopped the lawyer and the scientists .	The author stopped the scientists .	entailment
The president supported the actor and the banker .	The president supported the banker .	entailment
The doctors and the managers helped the judge .	The doctors helped the judge .	entailment
The professors stopped the scientists and the judge .	The professors stopped the judge .	entailment
The actor and the student encouraged the president .	The actor encouraged the president .	entailment
The secretaries called the doctors and the manager .	The secretaries called the manager .	entailment
The judge and the doctor stopped the president .	The judge stopped the president .	entailment
The tourists introduced the actors and the athlete .	The tourists introduced the athlete .	entailment
The actors avoided the tourists and the president .	The actors avoided the president .	entailment
The actors encouraged the artists and the senators .	The actors encouraged the senators .	entailment
The bankers and the tourists mentioned the president .	The bankers mentioned the president .	entailment
The artist and the athletes recognized the students .	The artist recognized the students .	entailment
The artists and the bankers saw the scientists .	The artists saw the scientists .	entailment
The senators and the actors admired the managers .	The senators admired the managers .	entailment
The student introduced the scientists and the judge .	The student introduced the judge .	entailment
The scientists contacted the professors and the president .	The scientists contacted the president .	entailment
The author encouraged the senators and the scientist .	The author encouraged the scientist .	entailment
The professor believed the lawyers and the author .	The professor believed the author .	entailment
The professor and the secretary contacted the managers .	The professor contacted the managers .	entailment
The student and the authors recommended the actor .	The student recommended the actor .	entailment
The judge supported the actor and the students .	The judge supported the students .	entailment
The senators supported the authors and the students .	The senators supported the students .	entailment
The secretary and the senator encouraged the author .	The secretary encouraged the author .	entailment
The secretary recommended the athletes and the bankers .	The secretary recommended the bankers .	entailment
The bankers stopped the secretaries and the lawyers .	The bankers stopped the lawyers .	entailment
The tourist encouraged the scientists and the students .	The tourist encouraged the students .	entailment
The judges and the senators thanked the doctor .	The judges thanked the doctor .	entailment
The actors and the banker believed the presidents .	The actors believed the presidents .	entailment
The scientists and the senator encouraged the presidents .	The scientists encouraged the presidents .	entailment
The professor avoided the judge and the actors .	The professor avoided the actors .	entailment
The presidents mentioned the author and the students .	The presidents mentioned the students .	entailment
The president supported the artist and the judges .	The president supported the judges .	entailment
The judges and the actor supported the tourist .	The judges supported the tourist .	entailment
The judges believed the actors and the tourists .	The judges believed the tourists .	entailment
The athletes mentioned the bankers and the secretary .	The athletes mentioned the secretary .	entailment
The actor and the senators helped the scientist .	The actor helped the scientist .	entailment
The scientist called the doctors and the students .	The scientist called the students .	entailment
The tourists and the president mentioned the professors .	The tourists mentioned the professors .	entailment
The senators supported the professors and the bankers .	The senators supported the bankers .	entailment
The artist recognized the senator and the bankers .	The artist recognized the bankers .	entailment
The author contacted the artists and the doctors .	The author contacted the doctors .	entailment
The managers admired the lawyers and the athletes .	The managers admired the athletes .	entailment
The scientist contacted the managers and the athlete .	The scientist contacted the athlete .	entailment
The senator and the student contacted the professors .	The senator contacted the professors .	entailment
The artists and the senators recognized the bankers .	The artists recognized the bankers .	entailment
The athletes introduced the secretaries and the scientist .	The athletes introduced the scientist .	entailment
The lawyer saw the tourist and the bankers .	The lawyer saw the bankers .	entailment
The banker and the student avoided the doctors .	The banker avoided the doctors .	entailment
The professors advised the president and the actors .	The professors advised the actors .	entailment
The students and the judge supported the banker .	The students supported the banker .	entailment
The lawyer and the tourist mentioned the bankers .	The lawyer mentioned the bankers .	entailment
The presidents and the secretaries contacted the managers .	The presidents contacted the managers .	entailment
The actors and the secretary saw the managers .	The actors saw the managers .	entailment
The doctor encouraged the judges and the actors .	The doctor encouraged the actors .	entailment
The doctors and the student introduced the senators .	The doctors introduced the senators .	entailment
The scientists recognized the tourist and the senators .	The scientists recognized the senators .	entailment
The authors and the lawyers mentioned the presidents .	The authors mentioned the presidents .	entailment
The athletes advised the authors and the professors .	The athletes advised the professors .	entailment
The actors and the lawyers admired the author .	The actors admired the author .	entailment
The lawyers saw the tourist and the managers .	The lawyers saw the managers .	entailment
The artists and the manager contacted the actor .	The artists contacted the actor .	entailment
The secretaries and the senator contacted the athletes .	The secretaries contacted the athletes .	entailment
The professor and the presidents called the scientist .	The professor called the scientist .	entailment
The secretaries contacted the lawyers and the authors .	The secretaries contacted the authors .	entailment
The professors thanked the managers and the doctors .	The professors thanked the doctors .	entailment
The banker and the president recognized the doctors .	The banker recognized the doctors .	entailment
The lawyer called the secretaries and the presidents .	The lawyer called the presidents .	entailment
The artist recommended the athletes and the student .	The artist recommended the student .	entailment
The tourists called the artists and the senator .	The tourists called the senator .	entailment
The secretary advised the judges and the bankers .	The secretary advised the bankers .	entailment
The lawyers and the senator helped the judge .	The lawyers helped the judge .	entailment
The students and the secretaries encouraged the professor .	The students encouraged the professor .	entailment
The athletes recognized the scientists and the actors .	The athletes recognized the actors .	entailment
The student recommended the secretary and the judges .	The student recommended the judges .	entailment
The authors and the secretaries believed the scientists .	The authors believed the scientists .	entailment
The president introduced the managers and the author .	The president introduced the author .	entailment
The lawyers and the bankers helped the student .	The lawyers helped the student .	entailment
The senators and the scientists contacted the student .	The senators contacted the student .	entailment
The bankers called the authors and the senator .	The bankers called the senator .	entailment
The lawyers and the tourists avoided the senator .	The lawyers avoided the senator .	entailment
The students saw the authors and the managers .	The students saw the managers .	entailment
The judge encouraged the scientist and the secretaries .	The judge encouraged the secretaries .	entailment
The lawyers and the senators recognized the authors .	The lawyers recognized the authors .	entailment
The doctors introduced the tourist and the student .	The doctors introduced the student .	entailment
The scientists saw the students and the tourists .	The scientists saw the tourists .	entailment
The presidents advised the lawyers and the author .	The presidents advised the author .	entailment
The professors and the lawyers stopped the secretary .	The professors stopped the secretary .	entailment
The tourists believed the lawyer and the actor .	The tourists believed the actor .	entailment
The lawyer and the student supported the actors .	The lawyer supported the actors .	entailment
The manager recommended the artist and the athletes .	The manager recommended the athletes .	entailment
The president and the professor saw the authors .	The president saw the authors .	entailment
The authors and the secretary introduced the student .	The authors introduced the student .	entailment
The artists admired the managers and the president .	The artists admired the president .	entailment
The scientists avoided the athlete and the judges .	The scientists avoided the judges .	entailment
The professor and the lawyer contacted the presidents .	The professor contacted the presidents .	entailment
The artist advised the managers and the bankers .	The artist advised the bankers .	entailment
The banker and the presidents stopped the scientists .	The banker stopped the scientists .	entailment
The actors and the banker helped the managers .	The actors helped the managers .	entailment
The doctor and the author encouraged the president .	The doctor encouraged the president .	entailment
The tourist called the doctor and the bankers .	The tourist called the bankers .	entailment
The artists and the manager introduced the presidents .	The artists introduced the presidents .	entailment
The presidents introduced the bankers and the scientist .	The presidents introduced the scientist .	entailment
The president and the manager mentioned the judges .	The president mentioned the judges .	entailment
The tourists and the senators advised the students .	The tourists advised the students .	entailment
The professors stopped the tourist and the banker .	The professors stopped the banker .	entailment
The secretaries supported the scientists and the doctor .	The secretaries supported the doctor .	entailment
The senators contacted the tourists and the doctors .	The senators contacted the doctors .	entailment
The professors mentioned the scientists and the bankers .	The professors mentioned the bankers .	entailment
The presidents recognized the tourists and the secretary .	The presidents recognized the secretary .	entailment
The secretary and the authors thanked the senators .	The secretary thanked the senators .	entailment
The tourists believed the professor and the actors .	The tourists believed the actors .	entailment
The author thanked the students and the secretary .	The author thanked the secretary .	entailment
The bankers saw the author and the lawyers .	The bankers saw the lawyers .	entailment
The judges and the tourist stopped the doctor .	The judges stopped the doctor .	entailment
The secretary supported the professor and the students .	The secretary supported the students .	entailment
The artists and the professors encouraged the doctor .	The artists encouraged the doctor .	entailment
The scientists and the lawyers recognized the professor .	The scientists recognized the professor .	entailment
The athlete recommended the managers and the professors .	The athlete recommended the professors .	entailment
The actor and the president contacted the author .	The actor contacted the author .	entailment
The doctor recommended the lawyer and the actors .	The doctor recommended the actors .	entailment
The professor and the secretary recognized the artists .	The professor recognized the artists .	entailment
The judges admired the athletes and the secretaries .	The judges admired the secretaries .	entailment
The tourist and the banker avoided the manager .	The tourist avoided the manager .	entailment
The actor and the manager recognized the professors .	The actor recognized the professors .	entailment
The managers and the judge introduced the secretaries .	The managers introduced the secretaries .	entailment
The managers and the judge introduced the artist .	The managers introduced the artist .	entailment
The judges and the secretaries avoided the senators .	The judges avoided the senators .	entailment
The manager and the bankers recommended the secretaries .	The manager recommended the secretaries .	entailment
The professors and the athletes encouraged the tourists .	The professors encouraged the tourists .	entailment
The student and the presidents recognized the manager .	The student recognized the manager .	entailment
The lawyers recognized the artist and the authors .	The lawyers recognized the authors .	entailment
The professors and the athletes stopped the students .	The professors stopped the students .	entailment
The secretaries thanked the athletes and the senator .	The secretaries thanked the senator .	entailment
The author recognized the student and the president .	The author recognized the president .	entailment
The managers and the actor introduced the athletes .	The managers introduced the athletes .	entailment
The judges recommended the professor and the actors .	The judges recommended the actors .	entailment
The athlete and the scientist encouraged the bankers .	The athlete encouraged the bankers .	entailment
The athlete supported the professors and the secretary .	The athlete supported the secretary .	entailment
The athletes and the secretaries recognized the student .	The athletes recognized the student .	entailment
The senator contacted the athletes and the doctors .	The senator contacted the doctors .	entailment
The authors supported the banker and the tourist .	The authors supported the tourist .	entailment
The actor and the artists called the athlete .	The actor called the athlete .	entailment
The scientists recognized the students and the athletes .	The scientists recognized the athletes .	entailment
The president and the secretary called the scientists .	The president called the scientists .	entailment
The athletes stopped the artist and the judge .	The athletes stopped the judge .	entailment
The professor mentioned the senators and the banker .	The professor mentioned the banker .	entailment
The professors and the scientists called the judge .	The professors called the judge .	entailment
The professors and the secretaries avoided the bankers .	The professors avoided the bankers .	entailment
The manager and the banker believed the doctors .	The manager believed the doctors .	entailment
The students helped the tourists and the professors .	The students helped the professors .	entailment
The lawyer avoided the actors and the presidents .	The lawyer avoided the presidents .	entailment
The student supported the authors and the doctors .	The student supported the doctors .	entailment
The senators and the doctors saw the athlete .	The senators saw the athlete .	entailment
The senator thanked the tourists and the bankers .	The senator thanked the bankers .	entailment
The scientist and the bankers avoided the judge .	The scientist avoided the judge .	entailment
The senators and the banker encouraged the students .	The senators encouraged the students .	entailment
The judge encouraged the senators and the bankers .	The judge encouraged the bankers .	entailment
The doctors called the tourists and the secretary .	The doctors called the secretary .	entailment
The presidents and the authors avoided the professors .	The presidents avoided the professors .	entailment
The lawyer and the doctor called the secretaries .	The lawyer called the secretaries .	entailment
The bankers and the athlete called the artist .	The bankers called the artist .	entailment
The judges believed the president and the student .	The judges believed the student .	entailment
The athletes recognized the author and the secretary .	The athletes recognized the secretary .	entailment
The professor and the senator recommended the tourists .	The professor recommended the tourists .	entailment
The lawyer and the student recommended the athlete .	The lawyer recommended the athlete .	entailment
The professor saw the actor and the author .	The professor saw the author .	entailment
The banker recognized the scientists and the athletes .	The banker recognized the athletes .	entailment
The tourists encouraged the senators and the banker .	The tourists encouraged the banker .	entailment
The managers and the doctors recommended the president .	The managers recommended the president .	entailment
The banker and the scientist recognized the secretaries .	The banker recognized the secretaries .	entailment
The lawyers introduced the athlete and the professor .	The lawyers introduced the professor .	entailment
The scientists believed the manager and the lawyer .	The scientists believed the lawyer .	entailment
The students and the secretaries helped the senator .	The students helped the senator .	entailment
The artist and the lawyers believed the managers .	The artist believed the managers .	entailment
The lawyers contacted the tourists and the doctor .	The lawyers contacted the doctor .	entailment
The student and the artist thanked the presidents .	The student thanked the presidents .	entailment
The students advised the professors and the actor .	The students advised the actor .	entailment
The doctors mentioned the judges and the actors .	The doctors mentioned the actors .	entailment
The banker and the secretary introduced the senators .	The banker introduced the senators .	entailment
The senators helped the lawyer and the professor .	The senators helped the professor .	entailment
The judge recognized the senators and the artists .	The judge recognized the artists .	entailment
The artists contacted the tourists and the judges .	The artists contacted the judges .	entailment
The scientists recommended the author and the professors .	The scientists recommended the professors .	entailment
The tourists and the author avoided the scientist .	The tourists avoided the scientist .	entailment
The secretaries recommended the artists and the managers .	The secretaries recommended the managers .	entailment
The senator supported the student and the actors .	The senator supported the actors .	entailment
The tourists and the actors recognized the professor .	The tourists recognized the professor .	entailment
The lawyer stopped the artist and the students .	The lawyer stopped the students .	entailment
The president and the manager thanked the doctor .	The president thanked the doctor .	entailment
The actor and the scientist called the bankers .	The actor called the bankers .	entailment
The bankers admired the manager and the scientists .	The bankers admired the scientists .	entailment
The artists and the banker believed the judge .	The artists believed the judge .	entailment
The tourists and the secretaries believed the students .	The tourists believed the students .	entailment
The student contacted the professor and the athlete .	The student contacted the athlete .	entailment
The lawyers avoided the artist and the managers .	The lawyers avoided the managers .	entailment
The managers thanked the doctor and the judge .	The managers thanked the judge .	entailment
The tourists and the athletes avoided the doctor .	The tourists avoided the doctor .	entailment
The managers stopped the author and the artists .	The managers stopped the artists .	entailment
The student encouraged the tourist and the scientists .	The student encouraged the scientists .	entailment
The bankers and the secretaries believed the artist .	The bankers believed the artist .	entailment
The lawyer introduced the bankers and the actor .	The lawyer introduced the actor .	entailment
The senator and the tourist avoided the authors .	The senator avoided the authors .	entailment
The student and the bankers recognized the author .	The student recognized the author .	entailment
The bankers and the professors avoided the secretaries .	The bankers avoided the secretaries .	entailment
The judges saw the artists and the bankers .	The judges saw the bankers .	entailment
The secretary contacted the professor and the actor .	The secretary contacted the actor .	entailment
The managers called the actors and the banker .	The managers called the banker .	entailment
The students supported the secretary and the actor .	The students supported the actor .	entailment
The scientist and the president stopped the professors .	The scientist stopped the professors .	entailment
The authors and the artist believed the bankers .	The authors believed the bankers .	entailment
The senator and the president called the actors .	The senator called the actors .	entailment
The athlete and the bankers introduced the lawyers .	The athlete introduced the lawyers .	entailment
The lawyer supported the scientist and the author .	The lawyer supported the author .	entailment
The professor and the doctor believed the judge .	The professor believed the judge .	entailment
The lawyer and the presidents mentioned the judge .	The lawyer mentioned the judge .	entailment
The lawyer and the secretaries encouraged the tourists .	The lawyer encouraged the tourists .	entailment
The actors avoided the athletes and the doctors .	The actors avoided the doctors .	entailment
The judges encouraged the actor and the presidents .	The judges encouraged the presidents .	entailment
The tourists and the secretary saw the scientists .	The tourists saw the scientists .	entailment
The judges and the professors called the artists .	The judges called the artists .	entailment
The banker saw the tourists and the students .	The banker saw the students .	entailment
The student advised the secretaries and the lawyers .	The student advised the lawyers .	entailment
The tourist stopped the senators and the judge .	The tourist stopped the judge .	entailment
The bankers helped the actors and the lawyer .	The bankers helped the lawyer .	entailment
The authors and the students contacted the professor .	The authors contacted the professor .	entailment
The authors believed the senator and the artist .	The authors believed the artist .	entailment
The tourists contacted the authors and the manager .	The tourists contacted the manager .	entailment
The professors encouraged the secretary and the tourist .	The professors encouraged the tourist .	entailment
The authors recommended the professor and the artist .	The authors recommended the artist .	entailment
The athletes recommended the doctors and the artist .	The athletes recommended the artist .	entailment
The secretary and the tourists advised the judges .	The secretary advised the judges .	entailment
The president and the scientists recommended the artist .	The president recommended the artist .	entailment
The lawyer and the president recommended the judges .	The lawyer recommended the judges .	entailment
The actors admired the secretary and the doctor .	The actors admired the doctor .	entailment
The banker and the doctor contacted the judges .	The banker contacted the judges .	entailment
The student and the president contacted the artists .	The student contacted the artists .	entailment
The secretaries avoided the students and the professors .	The secretaries avoided the professors .	entailment
The athletes mentioned the bankers and the president .	The athletes mentioned the president .	entailment
The athletes and the lawyer thanked the authors .	The athletes thanked the authors .	entailment
The athletes encouraged the scientists and the author .	The athletes encouraged the author .	entailment
The athlete recognized the senator and the professors .	The athlete recognized the professors .	entailment
The managers recognized the secretary and the lawyers .	The managers recognized the lawyers .	entailment
The senators saw the secretary and the professors .	The senators saw the professors .	entailment
The athletes called the tourists and the doctors .	The athletes called the doctors .	entailment
The doctor contacted the bankers and the tourist .	The doctor contacted the tourist .	entailment
The actor and the lawyers believed the judge .	The actor believed the judge .	entailment
The scientist supported the lawyers and the banker .	The scientist supported the banker .	entailment
The judge believed the actors and the professors .	The judge believed the professors .	entailment
The judge and the author helped the tourists .	The judge helped the tourists .	entailment
The doctor contacted the athletes and the senators .	The doctor contacted the senators .	entailment
The secretary and the author thanked the actor .	The secretary thanked the actor .	entailment
The senator called the doctors and the student .	The senator called the student .	entailment
The author recognized the tourist and the athletes .	The author recognized the athletes .	entailment
The senators and the artist saw the athlete .	The senators saw the athlete .	entailment
The judges encouraged the scientist and the students .	The judges encouraged the students .	entailment
The scientists encouraged the author and the doctors .	The scientists encouraged the doctors .	entailment
The doctors and the student supported the judge .	The doctors supported the judge .	entailment
The scientists avoided the lawyers and the tourist .	The scientists avoided the tourist .	entailment
The authors and the actor saw the senator .	The authors saw the senator .	entailment
The authors introduced the judges and the students .	The authors introduced the students .	entailment
The senators called the actors and the authors .	The senators called the authors .	entailment
The scientist and the lawyers supported the secretaries .	The scientist supported the secretaries .	entailment
The manager saw the professors and the banker .	The manager saw the banker .	entailment
The bankers and the tourists recommended the lawyer .	The bankers recommended the lawyer .	entailment
The doctor and the judges saw the secretaries .	The doctor saw the secretaries .	entailment
The professor believed the senators and the students .	The professor believed the students .	entailment
The bankers helped the athletes and the managers .	The bankers helped the managers .	entailment
The senator and the author recognized the actor .	The senator recognized the actor .	entailment
The scientists saw the doctors and the actor .	The scientists saw the actor .	entailment
The scientists believed the manager and the doctor .	The scientists believed the doctor .	entailment
The lawyer and the professors encouraged the scientists .	The lawyer encouraged the scientists .	entailment
The lawyers helped the athletes and the authors .	The lawyers helped the authors .	entailment
The judge called the scientists and the doctors .	The judge called the doctors .	entailment
The athletes and the lawyer stopped the professor .	The athletes stopped the professor .	entailment
The presidents saw the student and the lawyers .	The presidents saw the lawyers .	entailment
The doctor introduced the artist and the lawyers .	The doctor introduced the lawyers .	entailment
The lawyer and the students recommended the doctors .	The lawyer recommended the doctors .	entailment
The presidents thanked the author and the professor .	The presidents thanked the professor .	entailment
The students and the authors thanked the athletes .	The students thanked the athletes .	entailment
The actor encouraged the scientists and the senator .	The actor encouraged the senator .	entailment
The scientist and the students avoided the artists .	The scientist avoided the artists .	entailment
The president and the manager helped the artist .	The president helped the artist .	entailment
The students and the president supported the senators .	The students supported the senators .	entailment
The actor saw the professors and the secretaries .	The actor saw the secretaries .	entailment
The tourists and the professors helped the artists .	The tourists helped the artists .	entailment
The president believed the tourist and the doctors .	The president believed the doctors .	entailment
The judges stopped the student and the secretaries .	The judges stopped the secretaries .	entailment
The presidents recognized the tourists and the artist .	The presidents recognized the artist .	entailment
The athletes admired the senators and the banker .	The athletes admired the banker .	entailment
The secretary believed the manager and the lawyers .	The secretary believed the lawyers .	entailment
The authors and the judges helped the senators .	The authors helped the senators .	entailment
The presidents stopped the athlete and the scientists .	The presidents stopped the scientists .	entailment
The judge and the athletes admired the scientist .	The judge admired the scientist .	entailment
The judges and the tourists admired the student .	The judges admired the student .	entailment
The judge helped the authors and the bankers .	The judge helped the bankers .	entailment
The student and the tourists encouraged the presidents .	The student encouraged the presidents .	entailment
The artists supported the banker and the scientist .	The artists supported the scientist .	entailment
The student stopped the athlete and the tourist .	The student stopped the tourist .	entailment
The senators and the judges mentioned the artist .	The senators mentioned the artist .	entailment
The doctor and the authors mentioned the actors .	The doctor mentioned the actors .	entailment
The judges and the athlete advised the secretaries .	The judges advised the secretaries .	entailment
The students and the tourists advised the professors .	The students advised the professors .	entailment
The judges helped the lawyers and the secretary .	The judges helped the secretary .	entailment
The banker thanked the judges and the doctor .	The banker thanked the doctor .	entailment
The senator recommended the scientists and the student .	The senator recommended the student .	entailment
The lawyer and the manager called the artists .	The lawyer called the artists .	entailment
The lawyer supported the author and the athlete .	The lawyer supported the athlete .	entailment
The students and the authors helped the senator .	The students helped the senator .	entailment
The scientist and the managers believed the students .	The scientist believed the students .	entailment
The senators and the doctor avoided the lawyers .	The senators avoided the lawyers .	entailment
The scientists recognized the lawyer and the banker .	The scientists recognized the banker .	entailment
The author encouraged the athletes and the student .	The author encouraged the student .	entailment
The scientist and the professor contacted the authors .	The scientist contacted the authors .	entailment
The professors and the students advised the scientist .	The professors advised the scientist .	entailment
The senators and the professors advised the lawyers .	The senators advised the lawyers .	entailment
The lawyers helped the manager and the athlete .	The lawyers helped the athlete .	entailment
The scientists and the lawyers introduced the judges .	The scientists introduced the judges .	entailment
The scientists called the judges and the secretary .	The scientists called the secretary .	entailment
The actors recognized the lawyer and the professor .	The actors recognized the professor .	entailment
The lawyers and the athlete saw the professors .	The lawyers saw the professors .	entailment
The professors and the artist encouraged the athlete .	The professors encouraged the athlete .	entailment
The doctors and the actors recommended the students .	The doctors recommended the students .	entailment
The actor and the bankers saw the professors .	The actor saw the professors .	entailment
The tourists and the scientists encouraged the manager .	The tourists encouraged the manager .	entailment
The students and the secretaries encouraged the doctors .	The students encouraged the doctors .	entailment
The scientist and the actor advised the senators .	The scientist advised the senators .	entailment
The bankers and the actors stopped the student .	The bankers stopped the student .	entailment
The professor saw the doctors and the tourist .	The professor saw the tourist .	entailment
The students and the doctors introduced the scientists .	The students introduced the scientists .	entailment
The manager and the president contacted the senator .	The manager contacted the senator .	entailment
The judges and the actors introduced the doctor .	The judges introduced the doctor .	entailment
The tourists admired the actor and the lawyers .	The tourists admired the lawyers .	entailment
The professors thanked the judges and the tourists .	The professors thanked the tourists .	entailment
The president encouraged the tourist and the author .	The president encouraged the author .	entailment
The student and the lawyers recommended the doctors .	The student recommended the doctors .	entailment
The manager thanked the president and the doctor .	The manager thanked the doctor .	entailment
The managers stopped the secretary and the professor .	The managers stopped the professor .	entailment
The doctors and the manager believed the students .	The doctors believed the students .	entailment
The senator and the students saw the tourist .	The senator saw the tourist .	entailment
The lawyers mentioned the authors and the artist .	The lawyers mentioned the artist .	entailment
The secretary recognized the tourists and the scientist .	The secretary recognized the scientist .	entailment
The judge supported the student and the professor .	The judge supported the professor .	entailment
The authors were supported by the tourist .	The tourist supported the authors .	entailment
The tourists were contacted by the athlete .	The athlete contacted the tourists .	entailment
The bankers were believed by the judges .	The judges believed the bankers .	entailment
The actor was encouraged by the president .	The president encouraged the actor .	entailment
The authors were believed by the lawyers .	The lawyers believed the authors .	entailment
The artist was mentioned by the professor .	The professor mentioned the artist .	entailment
The doctors were advised by the senator .	The senator advised the doctors .	entailment
The lawyer was recommended by the presidents .	The presidents recommended the lawyer .	entailment
The student was advised by the authors .	The authors advised the student .	entailment
The tourists were believed by the secretaries .	The secretaries believed the tourists .	entailment
The bankers were recommended by the tourists .	The tourists recommended the bankers .	entailment
The professors were believed by the student .	The student believed the professors .	entailment
The managers were admired by the tourist .	The tourist admired the managers .	entailment
The bankers were contacted by the tourist .	The tourist contacted the bankers .	entailment
The tourists were thanked by the professors .	The professors thanked the tourists .	entailment
The senators were introduced by the president .	The president introduced the senators .	entailment
The judge was contacted by the scientist .	The scientist contacted the judge .	entailment
The managers were stopped by the doctor .	The doctor stopped the managers .	entailment
The presidents were advised by the senators .	The senators advised the presidents .	entailment
The senator was stopped by the author .	The author stopped the senator .	entailment
The professor was contacted by the banker .	The banker contacted the professor .	entailment
The presidents were thanked by the lawyer .	The lawyer thanked the presidents .	entailment
The lawyers were supported by the students .	The students supported the lawyers .	entailment
The author was recognized by the managers .	The managers recognized the author .	entailment
The managers were helped by the athletes .	The athletes helped the managers .	entailment
The lawyers were stopped by the judges .	The judges stopped the lawyers .	entailment
The artists were advised by the president .	The president advised the artists .	entailment
The lawyer was mentioned by the authors .	The authors mentioned the lawyer .	entailment
The scientists were believed by the doctor .	The doctor believed the scientists .	entailment
The lawyers were encouraged by the secretary .	The secretary encouraged the lawyers .	entailment
The bankers were avoided by the senator .	The senator avoided the bankers .	entailment
The senators were believed by the actor .	The actor believed the senators .	entailment
The doctor was believed by the tourist .	The tourist believed the doctor .	entailment
The authors were helped by the students .	The students helped the authors .	entailment
The lawyers were thanked by the artist .	The artist thanked the lawyers .	entailment
The athletes were contacted by the judges .	The judges contacted the athletes .	entailment
The student was recommended by the presidents .	The presidents recommended the student .	entailment
The artist was helped by the athlete .	The athlete helped the artist .	entailment
The lawyer was stopped by the judge .	The judge stopped the lawyer .	entailment
The professors were advised by the senators .	The senators advised the professors .	entailment
The professor was helped by the judges .	The judges helped the professor .	entailment
The scientist was introduced by the artist .	The artist introduced the scientist .	entailment
The judge was mentioned by the scientist .	The scientist mentioned the judge .	entailment
The tourists were avoided by the senator .	The senator avoided the tourists .	entailment
The managers were supported by the senator .	The senator supported the managers .	entailment
The senators were recognized by the lawyer .	The lawyer recognized the senators .	entailment
The managers were helped by the professors .	The professors helped the managers .	entailment
The scientist was supported by the authors .	The authors supported the scientist .	entailment
The tourists were supported by the lawyer .	The lawyer supported the tourists .	entailment
The scientists were advised by the artist .	The artist advised the scientists .	entailment
The senator was avoided by the secretary .	The secretary avoided the senator .	entailment
The lawyer was recognized by the tourists .	The tourists recognized the lawyer .	entailment
The athlete was advised by the professors .	The professors advised the athlete .	entailment
The lawyer was recommended by the tourists .	The tourists recommended the lawyer .	entailment
The scientist was mentioned by the athlete .	The athlete mentioned the scientist .	entailment
The students were avoided by the judges .	The judges avoided the students .	entailment
The lawyer was supported by the judges .	The judges supported the lawyer .	entailment
The authors were encouraged by the scientist .	The scientist encouraged the authors .	entailment
The judge was advised by the author .	The author advised the judge .	entailment
The scientists were supported by the secretaries .	The secretaries supported the scientists .	entailment
The professors were supported by the student .	The student supported the professors .	entailment
The athletes were introduced by the banker .	The banker introduced the athletes .	entailment
The professor was helped by the doctors .	The doctors helped the professor .	entailment
The judges were recommended by the student .	The student recommended the judges .	entailment
The tourists were advised by the banker .	The banker advised the tourists .	entailment
The professor was advised by the artist .	The artist advised the professor .	entailment
The authors were introduced by the presidents .	The presidents introduced the authors .	entailment
The banker was advised by the secretaries .	The secretaries advised the banker .	entailment
The judge was advised by the banker .	The banker advised the judge .	entailment
The scientist was introduced by the managers .	The managers introduced the scientist .	entailment
The bankers were introduced by the senator .	The senator introduced the bankers .	entailment
The secretaries were contacted by the authors .	The authors contacted the secretaries .	entailment
The student was admired by the doctors .	The doctors admired the student .	entailment
The bankers were stopped by the actor .	The actor stopped the bankers .	entailment
The scientist was encouraged by the doctor .	The doctor encouraged the scientist .	entailment
The banker was introduced by the senators .	The senators introduced the banker .	entailment
The lawyers were stopped by the authors .	The authors stopped the lawyers .	entailment
The manager was introduced by the artists .	The artists introduced the manager .	entailment
The tourist was supported by the student .	The student supported the tourist .	entailment
The bankers were introduced by the managers .	The managers introduced the bankers .	entailment
The doctors were encouraged by the scientist .	The scientist encouraged the doctors .	entailment
The students were contacted by the lawyer .	The lawyer contacted the students .	entailment
The scientists were mentioned by the professor .	The professor mentioned the scientists .	entailment
The lawyer was recommended by the judge .	The judge recommended the lawyer .	entailment
The manager was believed by the professors .	The professors believed the manager .	entailment
The senators were stopped by the professors .	The professors stopped the senators .	entailment
The scientist was advised by the bankers .	The bankers advised the scientist .	entailment
The artist was thanked by the author .	The author thanked the artist .	entailment
The senators were helped by the artist .	The artist helped the senators .	entailment
The secretaries were avoided by the lawyer .	The lawyer avoided the secretaries .	entailment
The actors were recognized by the doctor .	The doctor recognized the actors .	entailment
The professor was mentioned by the judges .	The judges mentioned the professor .	entailment
The lawyer was avoided by the bankers .	The bankers avoided the lawyer .	entailment
The authors were admired by the tourist .	The tourist admired the authors .	entailment
The scientist was recognized by the presidents .	The presidents recognized the scientist .	entailment
The president was introduced by the athlete .	The athlete introduced the president .	entailment
The doctors were helped by the tourists .	The tourists helped the doctors .	entailment
The president was introduced by the manager .	The manager introduced the president .	entailment
The authors were recommended by the manager .	The manager recommended the authors .	entailment
The managers were recognized by the scientists .	The scientists recognized the managers .	entailment
The senator was stopped by the actor .	The actor stopped the senator .	entailment
The banker was encouraged by the scientist .	The scientist encouraged the banker .	entailment
The actor was introduced by the doctors .	The doctors introduced the actor .	entailment
The scientists were stopped by the doctors .	The doctors stopped the scientists .	entailment
The judges were thanked by the secretary .	The secretary thanked the judges .	entailment
The scientist was thanked by the athletes .	The athletes thanked the scientist .	entailment
The lawyer was helped by the bankers .	The bankers helped the lawyer .	entailment
The actor was avoided by the athlete .	The athlete avoided the actor .	entailment
The students were encouraged by the judges .	The judges encouraged the students .	entailment
The banker was stopped by the scientist .	The scientist stopped the banker .	entailment
The secretaries were mentioned by the senator .	The senator mentioned the secretaries .	entailment
The student was mentioned by the managers .	The managers mentioned the student .	entailment
The senator was supported by the presidents .	The presidents supported the senator .	entailment
The artists were recommended by the senators .	The senators recommended the artists .	entailment
The professor was advised by the scientists .	The scientists advised the professor .	entailment
The scientists were encouraged by the actor .	The actor encouraged the scientists .	entailment
The manager was stopped by the actors .	The actors stopped the manager .	entailment
The president was advised by the tourists .	The tourists advised the president .	entailment
The actors were contacted by the tourists .	The tourists contacted the actors .	entailment
The manager was recognized by the actor .	The actor recognized the manager .	entailment
The professor was recommended by the actor .	The actor recommended the professor .	entailment
The senators were mentioned by the manager .	The manager mentioned the senators .	entailment
The senators were recommended by the bankers .	The bankers recommended the senators .	entailment
The professors were helped by the manager .	The manager helped the professors .	entailment
The professor was encouraged by the president .	The president encouraged the professor .	entailment
The president was recommended by the scientist .	The scientist recommended the president .	entailment
The presidents were stopped by the secretary .	The secretary stopped the presidents .	entailment
The professor was stopped by the author .	The author stopped the professor .	entailment
The student was admired by the judges .	The judges admired the student .	entailment
The senator was thanked by the doctors .	The doctors thanked the senator .	entailment
The doctors were recognized by the manager .	The manager recognized the doctors .	entailment
The managers were believed by the athlete .	The athlete believed the managers .	entailment
The professors were believed by the president .	The president believed the professors .	entailment
The professor was encouraged by the student .	The student encouraged the professor .	entailment
The lawyers were admired by the president .	The president admired the lawyers .	entailment
The students were admired by the athletes .	The athletes admired the students .	entailment
The doctor was introduced by the secretaries .	The secretaries introduced the doctor .	entailment
The athletes were supported by the scientists .	The scientists supported the athletes .	entailment
The lawyers were encouraged by the actors .	The actors encouraged the lawyers .	entailment
The authors were encouraged by the secretaries .	The secretaries encouraged the authors .	entailment
The banker was introduced by the judges .	The judges introduced the banker .	entailment
The tourist was helped by the secretary .	The secretary helped the tourist .	entailment
The secretaries were recognized by the manager .	The manager recognized the secretaries .	entailment
The banker was encouraged by the tourist .	The tourist encouraged the banker .	entailment
The doctors were contacted by the authors .	The authors contacted the doctors .	entailment
The athlete was thanked by the artists .	The artists thanked the athlete .	entailment
The secretaries were avoided by the banker .	The banker avoided the secretaries .	entailment
The artists were recommended by the tourists .	The tourists recommended the artists .	entailment
The athlete was stopped by the artist .	The artist stopped the athlete .	entailment
The scientists were recommended by the judge .	The judge recommended the scientists .	entailment
The secretary was thanked by the author .	The author thanked the secretary .	entailment
The artists were believed by the doctor .	The doctor believed the artists .	entailment
The senators were contacted by the bankers .	The bankers contacted the senators .	entailment
The author was mentioned by the lawyers .	The lawyers mentioned the author .	entailment
The tourist was recognized by the students .	The students recognized the tourist .	entailment
The athletes were advised by the doctor .	The doctor advised the athletes .	entailment
The lawyer was thanked by the athletes .	The athletes thanked the lawyer .	entailment
The judge was supported by the lawyers .	The lawyers supported the judge .	entailment
The presidents were helped by the scientist .	The scientist helped the presidents .	entailment
The judges were encouraged by the doctor .	The doctor encouraged the judges .	entailment
The lawyers were encouraged by the doctor .	The doctor encouraged the lawyers .	entailment
The actor was contacted by the senator .	The senator contacted the actor .	entailment
The tourist was contacted by the secretary .	The secretary contacted the tourist .	entailment
The artists were helped by the judges .	The judges helped the artists .	entailment
The tourists were thanked by the professor .	The professor thanked the tourists .	entailment
The president was thanked by the manager .	The manager thanked the president .	entailment
The doctors were avoided by the banker .	The banker avoided the doctors .	entailment
The managers were admired by the artist .	The artist admired the managers .	entailment
The senator was recognized by the judge .	The judge recognized the senator .	entailment
The student was avoided by the doctor .	The doctor avoided the student .	entailment
The scientist was thanked by the artists .	The artists thanked the scientist .	entailment
The doctor was mentioned by the senator .	The senator mentioned the doctor .	entailment
The banker was believed by the doctors .	The doctors believed the banker .	entailment
The scientist was contacted by the managers .	The managers contacted the scientist .	entailment
The senator was advised by the actor .	The actor advised the senator .	entailment
The artists were advised by the professor .	The professor advised the artists .	entailment
The athlete was thanked by the lawyer .	The lawyer thanked the athlete .	entailment
The secretaries were avoided by the judges .	The judges avoided the secretaries .	entailment
The managers were stopped by the students .	The students stopped the managers .	entailment
The author was supported by the bankers .	The bankers supported the author .	entailment
The artists were mentioned by the doctors .	The doctors mentioned the artists .	entailment
The doctors were introduced by the secretaries .	The secretaries introduced the doctors .	entailment
The athletes were stopped by the actors .	The actors stopped the athletes .	entailment
The manager was helped by the author .	The author helped the manager .	entailment
The doctor was stopped by the managers .	The managers stopped the doctor .	entailment
The actor was stopped by the doctors .	The doctors stopped the actor .	entailment
The actor was contacted by the professors .	The professors contacted the actor .	entailment
The managers were admired by the president .	The president admired the managers .	entailment
The lawyer was recognized by the manager .	The manager recognized the lawyer .	entailment
The author was believed by the scientist .	The scientist believed the author .	entailment
The student was recommended by the artist .	The artist recommended the student .	entailment
The students were encouraged by the professors .	The professors encouraged the students .	entailment
The actor was advised by the doctors .	The doctors advised the actor .	entailment
The students were recognized by the president .	The president recognized the students .	entailment
The bankers were mentioned by the judges .	The judges mentioned the bankers .	entailment
The actor was helped by the tourist .	The tourist helped the actor .	entailment
The actors were stopped by the managers .	The managers stopped the actors .	entailment
The tourist was mentioned by the athletes .	The athletes mentioned the tourist .	entailment
The banker was supported by the lawyer .	The lawyer supported the banker .	entailment
The athlete was believed by the tourist .	The tourist believed the athlete .	entailment
The artists were mentioned by the senators .	The senators mentioned the artists .	entailment
The actors were admired by the judges .	The judges admired the actors .	entailment
The banker was recognized by the authors .	The authors recognized the banker .	entailment
The athletes were supported by the lawyer .	The lawyer supported the athletes .	entailment
The tourists were recommended by the scientists .	The scientists recommended the tourists .	entailment
The athlete was admired by the professor .	The professor admired the athlete .	entailment
The secretaries were recommended by the actors .	The actors recommended the secretaries .	entailment
The professors were introduced by the bankers .	The bankers introduced the professors .	entailment
The scientists were contacted by the lawyers .	The lawyers contacted the scientists .	entailment
The professor was introduced by the actors .	The actors introduced the professor .	entailment
The manager was helped by the secretary .	The secretary helped the manager .	entailment
The actors were stopped by the manager .	The manager stopped the actors .	entailment
The athletes were supported by the judge .	The judge supported the athletes .	entailment
The president was supported by the actor .	The actor supported the president .	entailment
The tourist was helped by the senators .	The senators helped the tourist .	entailment
The student was recommended by the tourists .	The tourists recommended the student .	entailment
The secretaries were helped by the banker .	The banker helped the secretaries .	entailment
The athlete was supported by the tourist .	The tourist supported the athlete .	entailment
The doctors were introduced by the athletes .	The athletes introduced the doctors .	entailment
The tourist was believed by the author .	The author believed the tourist .	entailment
The manager was stopped by the authors .	The authors stopped the manager .	entailment
The authors were admired by the senator .	The senator admired the authors .	entailment
The artists were avoided by the secretary .	The secretary avoided the artists .	entailment
The scientist was recognized by the authors .	The authors recognized the scientist .	entailment
The judge was stopped by the actor .	The actor stopped the judge .	entailment
The senator was believed by the secretaries .	The secretaries believed the senator .	entailment
The athletes were avoided by the doctors .	The doctors avoided the athletes .	entailment
The tourists were recognized by the secretary .	The secretary recognized the tourists .	entailment
The professors were advised by the doctors .	The doctors advised the professors .	entailment
The artist was believed by the manager .	The manager believed the artist .	entailment
The managers were recognized by the senator .	The senator recognized the managers .	entailment
The professors were supported by the actors .	The actors supported the professors .	entailment
The scientists were recognized by the senators .	The senators recognized the scientists .	entailment
The senator was avoided by the managers .	The managers avoided the senator .	entailment
The tourist was mentioned by the judge .	The judge mentioned the tourist .	entailment
The secretaries were thanked by the doctors .	The doctors thanked the secretaries .	entailment
The manager was stopped by the senators .	The senators stopped the manager .	entailment
The professor was supported by the actor .	The actor supported the professor .	entailment
The athlete was encouraged by the authors .	The authors encouraged the athlete .	entailment
The authors were helped by the tourist .	The tourist helped the authors .	entailment
The artist was helped by the presidents .	The presidents helped the artist .	entailment
The students were encouraged by the authors .	The authors encouraged the students .	entailment
The professor was recognized by the actor .	The actor recognized the professor .	entailment
The tourist was introduced by the doctor .	The doctor introduced the tourist .	entailment
The doctors were avoided by the professor .	The professor avoided the doctors .	entailment
The presidents were admired by the author .	The author admired the presidents .	entailment
The professors were thanked by the bankers .	The bankers thanked the professors .	entailment
The students were helped by the judges .	The judges helped the students .	entailment
The student was thanked by the athlete .	The athlete thanked the student .	entailment
The senator was supported by the judge .	The judge supported the senator .	entailment
The tourist was contacted by the banker .	The banker contacted the tourist .	entailment
The professor was contacted by the student .	The student contacted the professor .	entailment
The doctor was thanked by the artist .	The artist thanked the doctor .	entailment
The senator was helped by the students .	The students helped the senator .	entailment
The banker was believed by the secretary .	The secretary believed the banker .	entailment
The banker was avoided by the judge .	The judge avoided the banker .	entailment
The scientist was recognized by the professor .	The professor recognized the scientist .	entailment
The doctor was thanked by the actors .	The actors thanked the doctor .	entailment
The artists were stopped by the actors .	The actors stopped the artists .	entailment
The lawyer was stopped by the bankers .	The bankers stopped the lawyer .	entailment
The tourists were mentioned by the judges .	The judges mentioned the tourists .	entailment
The doctors were stopped by the manager .	The manager stopped the doctors .	entailment
The actor was contacted by the manager .	The manager contacted the actor .	entailment
The judge was believed by the tourist .	The tourist believed the judge .	entailment
The student was supported by the professor .	The professor supported the student .	entailment
The actor was believed by the author .	The author believed the actor .	entailment
The scientist was believed by the professor .	The professor believed the scientist .	entailment
The professor was recommended by the secretary .	The secretary recommended the professor .	entailment
The banker was encouraged by the athlete .	The athlete encouraged the banker .	entailment
The scientists were mentioned by the presidents .	The presidents mentioned the scientists .	entailment
The actor was advised by the senators .	The senators advised the actor .	entailment
The bankers were admired by the secretary .	The secretary admired the bankers .	entailment
The judges were admired by the tourists .	The tourists admired the judges .	entailment
The actor was introduced by the author .	The author introduced the actor .	entailment
The author was helped by the students .	The students helped the author .	entailment
The judge was admired by the secretary .	The secretary admired the judge .	entailment
The scientists were encouraged by the athlete .	The athlete encouraged the scientists .	entailment
The athlete was encouraged by the students .	The students encouraged the athlete .	entailment
The professor was admired by the artists .	The artists admired the professor .	entailment
The lawyer was admired by the banker .	The banker admired the lawyer .	entailment
The lawyers were stopped by the manager .	The manager stopped the lawyers .	entailment
The lawyers were avoided by the athletes .	The athletes avoided the lawyers .	entailment
The scientist was contacted by the tourists .	The tourists contacted the scientist .	entailment
The doctors were helped by the student .	The student helped the doctors .	entailment
The artist was mentioned by the managers .	The managers mentioned the artist .	entailment
The professor was thanked by the managers .	The managers thanked the professor .	entailment
The managers were avoided by the athlete .	The athlete avoided the managers .	entailment
The secretaries were helped by the tourists .	The tourists helped the secretaries .	entailment
The professor was introduced by the judge .	The judge introduced the professor .	entailment
The author was believed by the secretary .	The secretary believed the author .	entailment
The secretaries were recognized by the artist .	The artist recognized the secretaries .	entailment
The artist was recommended by the presidents .	The presidents recommended the artist .	entailment
The secretaries were encouraged by the manager .	The manager encouraged the secretaries .	entailment
The professors were supported by the doctor .	The doctor supported the professors .	entailment
The bankers were helped by the president .	The president helped the bankers .	entailment
The presidents were admired by the doctors .	The doctors admired the presidents .	entailment
The senators were thanked by the authors .	The authors thanked the senators .	entailment
The scientists were helped by the actors .	The actors helped the scientists .	entailment
The secretary was recommended by the banker .	The banker recommended the secretary .	entailment
The author was avoided by the lawyers .	The lawyers avoided the author .	entailment
The student was recognized by the scientist .	The scientist recognized the student .	entailment
The tourists were encouraged by the judge .	The judge encouraged the tourists .	entailment
The senator was introduced by the lawyers .	The lawyers introduced the senator .	entailment
The senator was believed by the professors .	The professors believed the senator .	entailment
The banker was helped by the lawyer .	The lawyer helped the banker .	entailment
The author was admired by the judges .	The judges admired the author .	entailment
The authors were contacted by the doctors .	The doctors contacted the authors .	entailment
The banker was recognized by the artists .	The artists recognized the banker .	entailment
The artist was avoided by the doctor .	The doctor avoided the artist .	entailment
The athletes were believed by the manager .	The manager believed the athletes .	entailment
The authors were introduced by the scientist .	The scientist introduced the authors .	entailment
The actors were advised by the doctor .	The doctor advised the actors .	entailment
The lawyers were admired by the senators .	The senators admired the lawyers .	entailment
The bankers were advised by the actor .	The actor advised the bankers .	entailment
The presidents were stopped by the secretaries .	The secretaries stopped the presidents .	entailment
The actor was helped by the lawyers .	The lawyers helped the actor .	entailment
The professor was stopped by the actor .	The actor stopped the professor .	entailment
The professors were helped by the managers .	The managers helped the professors .	entailment
The tourist was helped by the lawyers .	The lawyers helped the tourist .	entailment
The bankers were advised by the doctor .	The doctor advised the bankers .	entailment
The bankers were recommended by the professor .	The professor recommended the bankers .	entailment
The tourists were recognized by the bankers .	The bankers recognized the tourists .	entailment
The judges were advised by the president .	The president advised the judges .	entailment
The manager was mentioned by the tourists .	The tourists mentioned the manager .	entailment
The senators were recommended by the judge .	The judge recommended the senators .	entailment
The lawyer was contacted by the senator .	The senator contacted the lawyer .	entailment
The secretaries were supported by the athlete .	The athlete supported the secretaries .	entailment
The lawyer was advised by the judges .	The judges advised the lawyer .	entailment
The scientists were recommended by the secretary .	The secretary recommended the scientists .	entailment
The banker was introduced by the author .	The author introduced the banker .	entailment
The scientist was stopped by the actors .	The actors stopped the scientist .	entailment
The doctors were mentioned by the judges .	The judges mentioned the doctors .	entailment
The banker was admired by the judge .	The judge admired the banker .	entailment
The artists were mentioned by the actors .	The actors mentioned the artists .	entailment
The manager was helped by the bankers .	The bankers helped the manager .	entailment
The secretary was mentioned by the tourist .	The tourist mentioned the secretary .	entailment
The manager was mentioned by the secretary .	The secretary mentioned the manager .	entailment
The lawyer was believed by the manager .	The manager believed the lawyer .	entailment
The bankers were introduced by the actor .	The actor introduced the bankers .	entailment
The secretaries were contacted by the student .	The student contacted the secretaries .	entailment
The lawyer was encouraged by the banker .	The banker encouraged the lawyer .	entailment
The professors were mentioned by the senators .	The senators mentioned the professors .	entailment
The artist was avoided by the judge .	The judge avoided the artist .	entailment
The lawyer was believed by the scientists .	The scientists believed the lawyer .	entailment
The tourist was stopped by the bankers .	The bankers stopped the tourist .	entailment
The bankers were introduced by the judge .	The judge introduced the bankers .	entailment
The students were recommended by the doctor .	The doctor recommended the students .	entailment
The banker was avoided by the authors .	The authors avoided the banker .	entailment
The lawyers were encouraged by the senators .	The senators encouraged the lawyers .	entailment
The banker was contacted by the judge .	The judge contacted the banker .	entailment
The student was contacted by the scientists .	The scientists contacted the student .	entailment
The tourists were believed by the artists .	The artists believed the tourists .	entailment
The judges were advised by the tourists .	The tourists advised the judges .	entailment
The presidents were thanked by the secretaries .	The secretaries thanked the presidents .	entailment
The presidents were believed by the manager .	The manager believed the presidents .	entailment
The managers were admired by the banker .	The banker admired the managers .	entailment
The lawyer was introduced by the senator .	The senator introduced the lawyer .	entailment
The artist was recommended by the secretary .	The secretary recommended the artist .	entailment
The artist was admired by the secretaries .	The secretaries admired the artist .	entailment
The lawyers were believed by the managers .	The managers believed the lawyers .	entailment
The athletes were recognized by the tourist .	The tourist recognized the athletes .	entailment
The president was supported by the tourists .	The tourists supported the president .	entailment
The doctor was stopped by the scientists .	The scientists stopped the doctor .	entailment
The banker was recommended by the students .	The students recommended the banker .	entailment
The president was supported by the managers .	The managers supported the president .	entailment
The secretaries were mentioned by the banker .	The banker mentioned the secretaries .	entailment
The professors were contacted by the artist .	The artist contacted the professors .	entailment
The managers were admired by the judge .	The judge admired the managers .	entailment
The artists were stopped by the judge .	The judge stopped the artists .	entailment
The secretaries were avoided by the tourists .	The tourists avoided the secretaries .	entailment
The lawyer was advised by the actors .	The actors advised the lawyer .	entailment
The senator was introduced by the secretary .	The secretary introduced the senator .	entailment
The scientists were mentioned by the managers .	The managers mentioned the scientists .	entailment
The judge was helped by the secretaries .	The secretaries helped the judge .	entailment
The actors were encouraged by the judge .	The judge encouraged the actors .	entailment
The secretaries were thanked by the manager .	The manager thanked the secretaries .	entailment
The athletes were introduced by the presidents .	The presidents introduced the athletes .	entailment
The senators were encouraged by the lawyer .	The lawyer encouraged the senators .	entailment
The athlete was recommended by the lawyers .	The lawyers recommended the athlete .	entailment
The judges were encouraged by the president .	The president encouraged the judges .	entailment
The author was advised by the doctors .	The doctors advised the author .	entailment
The senator was stopped by the manager .	The manager stopped the senator .	entailment
The artist was believed by the professor .	The professor believed the artist .	entailment
The judges were avoided by the tourist .	The tourist avoided the judges .	entailment
The manager was recognized by the student .	The student recognized the manager .	entailment
The secretary was thanked by the senator .	The senator thanked the secretary .	entailment
The manager was supported by the judges .	The judges supported the manager .	entailment
The banker was supported by the professors .	The professors supported the banker .	entailment
The author was advised by the judge .	The judge advised the author .	entailment
The professor was contacted by the presidents .	The presidents contacted the professor .	entailment
The secretary was believed by the author .	The author believed the secretary .	entailment
The judge was mentioned by the banker .	The banker mentioned the judge .	entailment
The bankers were avoided by the tourist .	The tourist avoided the bankers .	entailment
The tourists were recommended by the author .	The author recommended the tourists .	entailment
The scientist was advised by the manager .	The manager advised the scientist .	entailment
The senators were thanked by the actor .	The actor thanked the senators .	entailment
The tourists were admired by the actors .	The actors admired the tourists .	entailment
The author was believed by the banker .	The banker believed the author .	entailment
The senator was believed by the doctor .	The doctor believed the senator .	entailment
The managers were avoided by the judge .	The judge avoided the managers .	entailment
The tourists were recommended by the athlete .	The athlete recommended the tourists .	entailment
The president was contacted by the manager .	The manager contacted the president .	entailment
The managers were avoided by the student .	The student avoided the managers .	entailment
The doctors were advised by the tourist .	The tourist advised the doctors .	entailment
The presidents were mentioned by the professors .	The professors mentioned the presidents .	entailment
The actor was believed by the artists .	The artists believed the actor .	entailment
The student was introduced by the managers .	The managers introduced the student .	entailment
The judges were helped by the senator .	The senator helped the judges .	entailment
The doctors were contacted by the artists .	The artists contacted the doctors .	entailment
The senator was contacted by the actors .	The actors contacted the senator .	entailment
The tourists were mentioned by the lawyers .	The lawyers mentioned the tourists .	entailment
The judges were admired by the doctors .	The doctors admired the judges .	entailment
The senators were supported by the athletes .	The athletes supported the senators .	entailment
The actors were contacted by the author .	The author contacted the actors .	entailment
The tourist was advised by the professors .	The professors advised the tourist .	entailment
The managers were contacted by the author .	The author contacted the managers .	entailment
The actor was recognized by the senators .	The senators recognized the actor .	entailment
The bankers were introduced by the author .	The author introduced the bankers .	entailment
The secretary was supported by the author .	The author supported the secretary .	entailment
The banker was contacted by the professors .	The professors contacted the banker .	entailment
The tourist was avoided by the scientist .	The scientist avoided the tourist .	entailment
The students were supported by the banker .	The banker supported the students .	entailment
The professor was thanked by the senators .	The senators thanked the professor .	entailment
The professors were advised by the scientists .	The scientists advised the professors .	entailment
The actor was contacted by the presidents .	The presidents contacted the actor .	entailment
The athlete was admired by the senators .	The senators admired the athlete .	entailment
The author was thanked by the athlete .	The athlete thanked the author .	entailment
The judges were recommended by the bankers .	The bankers recommended the judges .	entailment
The student was mentioned by the actors .	The actors mentioned the student .	entailment
The actors were thanked by the tourist .	The tourist thanked the actors .	entailment
The actor was mentioned by the senators .	The senators mentioned the actor .	entailment
The judge was admired by the athlete .	The athlete admired the judge .	entailment
The lawyer was helped by the athlete .	The athlete helped the lawyer .	entailment
The judges were introduced by the scientists .	The scientists introduced the judges .	entailment
The president was encouraged by the authors .	The authors encouraged the president .	entailment
The banker was recommended by the professor .	The professor recommended the banker .	entailment
The judge was encouraged by the secretary .	The secretary encouraged the judge .	entailment
The lawyer was introduced by the artist .	The artist introduced the lawyer .	entailment
The secretary was encouraged by the presidents .	The presidents encouraged the secretary .	entailment
The secretary was avoided by the artists .	The artists avoided the secretary .	entailment
The lawyer was avoided by the scientists .	The scientists avoided the lawyer .	entailment
The judges were encouraged by the secretaries .	The secretaries encouraged the judges .	entailment
The artists were supported by the senators .	The senators supported the artists .	entailment
The manager was mentioned by the judge .	The judge mentioned the manager .	entailment
The scientists were believed by the author .	The author believed the scientists .	entailment
The actors were recommended by the secretaries .	The secretaries recommended the actors .	entailment
The judge was avoided by the athlete .	The athlete avoided the judge .	entailment
The judges were mentioned by the banker .	The banker mentioned the judges .	entailment
The manager was admired by the tourists .	The tourists admired the manager .	entailment
The doctors were recognized by the athletes .	The athletes recognized the doctors .	entailment
The professors were recognized by the student .	The student recognized the professors .	entailment
The managers were encouraged by the tourist .	The tourist encouraged the managers .	entailment
The judge was stopped by the author .	The author stopped the judge .	entailment
The artist was thanked by the professor .	The professor thanked the artist .	entailment
The tourist was encouraged by the banker .	The banker encouraged the tourist .	entailment
The doctors were avoided by the secretary .	The secretary avoided the doctors .	entailment
The artists were mentioned by the banker .	The banker mentioned the artists .	entailment
The presidents were helped by the judges .	The judges helped the presidents .	entailment
The athletes were advised by the scientist .	The scientist advised the athletes .	entailment
The secretary was recognized by the athlete .	The athlete recognized the secretary .	entailment
The students were recognized by the artist .	The artist recognized the students .	entailment
The authors were supported by the students .	The students supported the authors .	entailment
The judge was introduced by the student .	The student introduced the judge .	entailment
The judges were contacted by the actors .	The actors contacted the judges .	entailment
The students were advised by the banker .	The banker advised the students .	entailment
The student was stopped by the managers .	The managers stopped the student .	entailment
The presidents were stopped by the athlete .	The athlete stopped the presidents .	entailment
The presidents were introduced by the students .	The students introduced the presidents .	entailment
The senator was avoided by the athletes .	The athletes avoided the senator .	entailment
The president was supported by the secretaries .	The secretaries supported the president .	entailment
The actors were believed by the managers .	The managers believed the actors .	entailment
The author was mentioned by the artist .	The artist mentioned the author .	entailment
The managers were supported by the professor .	The professor supported the managers .	entailment
The professors were encouraged by the doctors .	The doctors encouraged the professors .	entailment
The tourists were advised by the students .	The students advised the tourists .	entailment
The secretaries were admired by the scientists .	The scientists admired the secretaries .	entailment
The author was admired by the lawyer .	The lawyer admired the author .	entailment
The tourists were recommended by the secretary .	The secretary recommended the tourists .	entailment
The doctor was recognized by the bankers .	The bankers recognized the doctor .	entailment
The athlete was believed by the artists .	The artists believed the athlete .	entailment
The bankers were admired by the manager .	The manager admired the bankers .	entailment
The athlete was admired by the student .	The student admired the athlete .	entailment
The artist was encouraged by the judge .	The judge encouraged the artist .	entailment
The lawyer was supported by the actor .	The actor supported the lawyer .	entailment
The manager was thanked by the president .	The president thanked the manager .	entailment
The professor was recommended by the athletes .	The athletes recommended the professor .	entailment
The scientist was helped by the students .	The students helped the scientist .	entailment
The tourists were admired by the students .	The students admired the tourists .	entailment
The senators were avoided by the author .	The author avoided the senators .	entailment
The scientists were advised by the professor .	The professor advised the scientists .	entailment
The lawyers were contacted by the banker .	The banker contacted the lawyers .	entailment
The author was encouraged by the scientists .	The scientists encouraged the author .	entailment
The senators were recognized by the actor .	The actor recognized the senators .	entailment
The scientist was admired by the secretary .	The secretary admired the scientist .	entailment
The tourists were recommended by the senators .	The senators recommended the tourists .	entailment
The scientist was introduced by the presidents .	The presidents introduced the scientist .	entailment
The athletes were supported by the students .	The students supported the athletes .	entailment
The author was admired by the secretary .	The secretary admired the author .	entailment
The students were recommended by the secretaries .	The secretaries recommended the students .	entailment
The manager was recommended by the doctors .	The doctors recommended the manager .	entailment
The secretaries were helped by the managers .	The managers helped the secretaries .	entailment
The actor was supported by the scientist .	The scientist supported the actor .	entailment
The actors were mentioned by the artist .	The artist mentioned the actors .	entailment
The presidents were believed by the students .	The students believed the presidents .	entailment
The senators were recommended by the scientist .	The scientist recommended the senators .	entailment
The athlete was thanked by the banker .	The banker thanked the athlete .	entailment
The secretaries were mentioned by the athlete .	The athlete mentioned the secretaries .	entailment
The students were recognized by the doctor .	The doctor recognized the students .	entailment
The lawyers were thanked by the presidents .	The presidents thanked the lawyers .	entailment
The professors were introduced by the manager .	The manager introduced the professors .	entailment
The managers were contacted by the presidents .	The presidents contacted the managers .	entailment
The presidents were believed by the bankers .	The bankers believed the presidents .	entailment
The athlete was supported by the lawyer .	The lawyer supported the athlete .	entailment
The artists were advised by the tourist .	The tourist advised the artists .	entailment
The scientists were thanked by the athletes .	The athletes thanked the scientists .	entailment
The student was believed by the secretaries .	The secretaries believed the student .	entailment
The professor was believed by the senators .	The senators believed the professor .	entailment
The doctor was introduced by the scientist .	The scientist introduced the doctor .	entailment
The authors were introduced by the managers .	The managers introduced the authors .	entailment
The senators were encouraged by the actors .	The actors encouraged the senators .	entailment
The author was recognized by the artists .	The artists recognized the author .	entailment
The banker was avoided by the actor .	The actor avoided the banker .	entailment
The artists were stopped by the athletes .	The athletes stopped the artists .	entailment
The doctor was avoided by the authors .	The authors avoided the doctor .	entailment
The author was admired by the professor .	The professor admired the author .	entailment
The judge was encouraged by the actor .	The actor encouraged the judge .	entailment
The president was advised by the doctor .	The doctor advised the president .	entailment
The bankers were avoided by the athlete .	The athlete avoided the bankers .	entailment
The senators were encouraged by the manager .	The manager encouraged the senators .	entailment
The tourists were avoided by the presidents .	The presidents avoided the tourists .	entailment
The judge was avoided by the artists .	The artists avoided the judge .	entailment
The tourists were mentioned by the students .	The students mentioned the tourists .	entailment
The author was believed by the student .	The student believed the author .	entailment
The athletes were admired by the tourist .	The tourist admired the athletes .	entailment
The artists were recommended by the author .	The author recommended the artists .	entailment
The athlete was thanked by the secretaries .	The secretaries thanked the athlete .	entailment
The scientists were avoided by the lawyers .	The lawyers avoided the scientists .	entailment
The artist was admired by the doctors .	The doctors admired the artist .	entailment
The lawyers were admired by the senator .	The senator admired the lawyers .	entailment
The doctors were contacted by the tourist .	The tourist contacted the doctors .	entailment
The scientists were stopped by the athletes .	The athletes stopped the scientists .	entailment
The professor was thanked by the judge .	The judge thanked the professor .	entailment
The doctor was admired by the artists .	The artists admired the doctor .	entailment
The professor was believed by the artists .	The artists believed the professor .	entailment
The doctor was avoided by the senators .	The senators avoided the doctor .	entailment
The senators were believed by the secretary .	The secretary believed the senators .	entailment
The tourists were thanked by the judges .	The judges thanked the tourists .	entailment
The actor was thanked by the president .	The president thanked the actor .	entailment
The lawyers were encouraged by the banker .	The banker encouraged the lawyers .	entailment
The scientist was supported by the professors .	The professors supported the scientist .	entailment
The senator was helped by the banker .	The banker helped the senator .	entailment
The managers were supported by the actor .	The actor supported the managers .	entailment
The presidents were admired by the tourists .	The tourists admired the presidents .	entailment
The professors were encouraged by the manager .	The manager encouraged the professors .	entailment
The authors were recommended by the student .	The student recommended the authors .	entailment
The students were recommended by the secretary .	The secretary recommended the students .	entailment
The banker was recognized by the students .	The students recognized the banker .	entailment
The manager was recognized by the secretaries .	The secretaries recognized the manager .	entailment
The tourist was believed by the doctors .	The doctors believed the tourist .	entailment
The senator was stopped by the student .	The student stopped the senator .	entailment
The scientists were helped by the senator .	The senator helped the scientists .	entailment
The athletes were helped by the scientists .	The scientists helped the athletes .	entailment
The scientists were avoided by the judges .	The judges avoided the scientists .	entailment
The secretary was recommended by the athlete .	The athlete recommended the secretary .	entailment
The judge was helped by the actors .	The actors helped the judge .	entailment
The authors were admired by the lawyer .	The lawyer admired the authors .	entailment
The scientists were recognized by the actors .	The actors recognized the scientists .	entailment
The professor was admired by the actor .	The actor admired the professor .	entailment
The senator was recognized by the manager .	The manager recognized the senator .	entailment
The authors were believed by the athletes .	The athletes believed the authors .	entailment
The tourist was admired by the scientist .	The scientist admired the tourist .	entailment
The professor was supported by the students .	The students supported the professor .	entailment
The professor was advised by the students .	The students advised the professor .	entailment
The artist was advised by the secretaries .	The secretaries advised the artist .	entailment
The secretary was contacted by the actor .	The actor contacted the secretary .	entailment
The athlete was recognized by the professors .	The professors recognized the athlete .	entailment
The doctors were encouraged by the athletes .	The athletes encouraged the doctors .	entailment
The athlete was encouraged by the bankers .	The bankers encouraged the athlete .	entailment
The doctor was advised by the artist .	The artist advised the doctor .	entailment
The tourists were avoided by the senators .	The senators avoided the tourists .	entailment
The bankers were stopped by the secretaries .	The secretaries stopped the bankers .	entailment
The author was admired by the bankers .	The bankers admired the author .	entailment
The professor was advised by the manager .	The manager advised the professor .	entailment
The senators were supported by the tourists .	The tourists supported the senators .	entailment
The doctors were supported by the artists .	The artists supported the doctors .	entailment
The tourist was introduced by the artist .	The artist introduced the tourist .	entailment
The senator was advised by the lawyers .	The lawyers advised the senator .	entailment
The lawyers were thanked by the judges .	The judges thanked the lawyers .	entailment
The banker was believed by the senator .	The senator believed the banker .	entailment
The banker was admired by the student .	The student admired the banker .	entailment
The author was advised by the artist .	The artist advised the author .	entailment
The lawyer was contacted by the judge .	The judge contacted the lawyer .	entailment
The scientist was avoided by the presidents .	The presidents avoided the scientist .	entailment
The scientists were believed by the lawyers .	The lawyers believed the scientists .	entailment
The professor was thanked by the actor .	The actor thanked the professor .	entailment
The scientists were thanked by the manager .	The manager thanked the scientists .	entailment
The scientist was mentioned by the professor .	The professor mentioned the scientist .	entailment
The student was helped by the scientists .	The scientists helped the student .	entailment
The professors were admired by the artist .	The artist admired the professors .	entailment
The manager was encouraged by the secretary .	The secretary encouraged the manager .	entailment
The author was mentioned by the senator .	The senator mentioned the author .	entailment
The actors were thanked by the doctor .	The doctor thanked the actors .	entailment
The scientists were avoided by the tourists .	The tourists avoided the scientists .	entailment
The doctors were recommended by the judge .	The judge recommended the doctors .	entailment
The secretary was helped by the manager .	The manager helped the secretary .	entailment
The manager was admired by the author .	The author admired the manager .	entailment
The actors were helped by the professor .	The professor helped the actors .	entailment
The doctors were recognized by the judge .	The judge recognized the doctors .	entailment
The author was avoided by the professor .	The professor avoided the author .	entailment
The manager was helped by the actor .	The actor helped the manager .	entailment
The banker was encouraged by the judge .	The judge encouraged the banker .	entailment
The president was avoided by the doctor .	The doctor avoided the president .	entailment
The senators were thanked by the manager .	The manager thanked the senators .	entailment
The authors were admired by the doctor .	The doctor admired the authors .	entailment
The tourists were introduced by the students .	The students introduced the tourists .	entailment
The banker was thanked by the doctor .	The doctor thanked the banker .	entailment
The artists were supported by the senator .	The senator supported the artists .	entailment
The judge was recognized by the students .	The students recognized the judge .	entailment
The athletes were thanked by the secretaries .	The secretaries thanked the athletes .	entailment
The authors were thanked by the actor .	The actor thanked the authors .	entailment
The doctor was stopped by the students .	The students stopped the doctor .	entailment
The presidents were introduced by the banker .	The banker introduced the presidents .	entailment
The tourists were contacted by the actor .	The actor contacted the tourists .	entailment
The lawyer was supported by the president .	The president supported the lawyer .	entailment
The senators were introduced by the managers .	The managers introduced the senators .	entailment
The professors were avoided by the actor .	The actor avoided the professors .	entailment
The manager was recommended by the author .	The author recommended the manager .	entailment
The scientists were recommended by the actor .	The actor recommended the scientists .	entailment
The tourist was mentioned by the senator .	The senator mentioned the tourist .	entailment
The athlete was encouraged by the banker .	The banker encouraged the athlete .	entailment
The athletes were recommended by the senator .	The senator recommended the athletes .	entailment
The actors were mentioned by the lawyer .	The lawyer mentioned the actors .	entailment
The artist was believed by the athlete .	The athlete believed the artist .	entailment
The senator was contacted by the presidents .	The presidents contacted the senator .	entailment
The bankers were believed by the artists .	The artists believed the bankers .	entailment
The artist was mentioned by the tourists .	The tourists mentioned the artist .	entailment
The artist was mentioned by the secretary .	The secretary mentioned the artist .	entailment
The student was avoided by the secretaries .	The secretaries avoided the student .	entailment
The student was stopped by the athletes .	The athletes stopped the student .	entailment
The president was stopped by the artist .	The artist stopped the president .	entailment
The managers were introduced by the artists .	The artists introduced the managers .	entailment
The athlete was supported by the doctors .	The doctors supported the athlete .	entailment
The manager was stopped by the athletes .	The athletes stopped the manager .	entailment
The tourist was avoided by the actor .	The actor avoided the tourist .	entailment
The professors were encouraged by the lawyers .	The lawyers encouraged the professors .	entailment
The tourist was recommended by the scientists .	The scientists recommended the tourist .	entailment
The lawyer was advised by the secretaries .	The secretaries advised the lawyer .	entailment
The scientists were believed by the artist .	The artist believed the scientists .	entailment
The secretaries were helped by the doctor .	The doctor helped the secretaries .	entailment
The author was advised by the banker .	The banker advised the author .	entailment
The lawyer was thanked by the scientists .	The scientists thanked the lawyer .	entailment
The artists were admired by the tourists .	The tourists admired the artists .	entailment
The presidents were advised by the bankers .	The bankers advised the presidents .	entailment
The secretary was introduced by the president .	The president introduced the secretary .	entailment
The athletes were recommended by the judge .	The judge recommended the athletes .	entailment
The athletes were advised by the senator .	The senator advised the athletes .	entailment
The secretary was recommended by the artists .	The artists recommended the secretary .	entailment
The president was mentioned by the lawyers .	The lawyers mentioned the president .	entailment
The presidents were encouraged by the professors .	The professors encouraged the presidents .	entailment
The author was contacted by the banker .	The banker contacted the author .	entailment
The professor was supported by the student .	The student supported the professor .	entailment
The senators were recommended by the tourist .	The tourist recommended the senators .	entailment
The secretary was advised by the athletes .	The athletes advised the secretary .	entailment
The professors were advised by the manager .	The manager advised the professors .	entailment
The actors were avoided by the managers .	The managers avoided the actors .	entailment
The doctors were admired by the actors .	The actors admired the doctors .	entailment
The lawyers were recognized by the judge .	The judge recognized the lawyers .	entailment
The scientists were recommended by the athletes .	The athletes recommended the scientists .	entailment
The professors were encouraged by the tourist .	The tourist encouraged the professors .	entailment
The author was recognized by the scientist .	The scientist recognized the author .	entailment
The tourists were thanked by the student .	The student thanked the tourists .	entailment
The tourist was mentioned by the doctor .	The doctor mentioned the tourist .	entailment
The student was thanked by the manager .	The manager thanked the student .	entailment
The judge was contacted by the senator .	The senator contacted the judge .	entailment
The student was mentioned by the scientist .	The scientist mentioned the student .	entailment
The judges were recognized by the artist .	The artist recognized the judges .	entailment
The doctors were advised by the judges .	The judges advised the doctors .	entailment
The tourist was introduced by the banker .	The banker introduced the tourist .	entailment
The banker was mentioned by the student .	The student mentioned the banker .	entailment
The actor was recommended by the athletes .	The athletes recommended the actor .	entailment
The scientist was helped by the tourist .	The tourist helped the scientist .	entailment
The judge was recognized by the lawyer .	The lawyer recognized the judge .	entailment
The bankers were supported by the managers .	The managers supported the bankers .	entailment
The manager was helped by the tourists .	The tourists helped the manager .	entailment
The tourist was recognized by the secretaries .	The secretaries recognized the tourist .	entailment
The secretary was avoided by the actors .	The actors avoided the secretary .	entailment
The president was stopped by the athlete .	The athlete stopped the president .	entailment
The scientists were mentioned by the athlete .	The athlete mentioned the scientists .	entailment
The judge was recommended by the doctors .	The doctors recommended the judge .	entailment
The presidents were recognized by the scientists .	The scientists recognized the presidents .	entailment
The professors were helped by the secretaries .	The secretaries helped the professors .	entailment
The doctors were introduced by the tourists .	The tourists introduced the doctors .	entailment
The professors were advised by the managers .	The managers advised the professors .	entailment
The students were helped by the manager .	The manager helped the students .	entailment
The senators were advised by the professor .	The professor advised the senators .	entailment
The bankers were recommended by the artists .	The artists recommended the bankers .	entailment
The lawyers were avoided by the artist .	The artist avoided the lawyers .	entailment
The senator was admired by the athletes .	The athletes admired the senator .	entailment
The president was recommended by the scientists .	The scientists recommended the president .	entailment
The managers were avoided by the lawyer .	The lawyer avoided the managers .	entailment
The bankers were mentioned by the athletes .	The athletes mentioned the bankers .	entailment
The artist was admired by the actors .	The actors admired the artist .	entailment
The actors were believed by the athlete .	The athlete believed the actors .	entailment
The doctor was contacted by the tourist .	The tourist contacted the doctor .	entailment
The professor was stopped by the lawyers .	The lawyers stopped the professor .	entailment
The doctors were recommended by the senators .	The senators recommended the doctors .	entailment
The scientist was recognized by the artists .	The artists recognized the scientist .	entailment
The lawyer was stopped by the secretary .	The secretary stopped the lawyer .	entailment
The senator was avoided by the artist .	The artist avoided the senator .	entailment
The president was mentioned by the manager .	The manager mentioned the president .	entailment
The athletes were contacted by the judge .	The judge contacted the athletes .	entailment
The senators were thanked by the actors .	The actors thanked the senators .	entailment
The author was admired by the secretaries .	The secretaries admired the author .	entailment
The artists were supported by the managers .	The managers supported the artists .	entailment
The authors were encouraged by the secretary .	The secretary encouraged the authors .	entailment
The judges were believed by the doctors .	The doctors believed the judges .	entailment
The athlete was recommended by the judges .	The judges recommended the athlete .	entailment
The senator was contacted by the professors .	The professors contacted the senator .	entailment
The scientist was believed by the senators .	The senators believed the scientist .	entailment
The professor was encouraged by the artists .	The artists encouraged the professor .	entailment
The professor was introduced by the athletes .	The athletes introduced the professor .	entailment
The actors were stopped by the presidents .	The presidents stopped the actors .	entailment
The artists were helped by the students .	The students helped the artists .	entailment
The actors were contacted by the scientist .	The scientist contacted the actors .	entailment
The lawyer was recommended by the athlete .	The athlete recommended the lawyer .	entailment
The doctor was advised by the banker .	The banker advised the doctor .	entailment
The athlete was supported by the judge .	The judge supported the athlete .	entailment
The manager was stopped by the lawyers .	The lawyers stopped the manager .	entailment
The professor was mentioned by the president .	The president mentioned the professor .	entailment
The authors were avoided by the actors .	The actors avoided the authors .	entailment
The authors were recommended by the lawyers .	The lawyers recommended the authors .	entailment
The manager was admired by the senator .	The senator admired the manager .	entailment
The scientists were encouraged by the tourist .	The tourist encouraged the scientists .	entailment
The secretary was recommended by the judge .	The judge recommended the secretary .	entailment
The manager was advised by the student .	The student advised the manager .	entailment
The artist was mentioned by the secretaries .	The secretaries mentioned the artist .	entailment
The manager was believed by the actors .	The actors believed the manager .	entailment
The professor was mentioned by the senator .	The senator mentioned the professor .	entailment
The artist was admired by the managers .	The managers admired the artist .	entailment
The student was avoided by the professor .	The professor avoided the student .	entailment
The judges were contacted by the authors .	The authors contacted the judges .	entailment
The lawyers were thanked by the tourist .	The tourist thanked the lawyers .	entailment
The doctor was contacted by the bankers .	The bankers contacted the doctor .	entailment
The judge was introduced by the authors .	The authors introduced the judge .	entailment
The scientists were contacted by the artists .	The artists contacted the scientists .	entailment
The bankers were admired by the judge .	The judge admired the bankers .	entailment
The tourist was introduced by the managers .	The managers introduced the tourist .	entailment
The athlete was recommended by the artists .	The artists recommended the athlete .	entailment
The artist was admired by the manager .	The manager admired the artist .	entailment
The actors were thanked by the presidents .	The presidents thanked the actors .	entailment
The professor was advised by the lawyers .	The lawyers advised the professor .	entailment
The athlete was contacted by the actor .	The actor contacted the athlete .	entailment
The athlete was introduced by the presidents .	The presidents introduced the athlete .	entailment
The doctors were supported by the students .	The students supported the doctors .	entailment
The actors were thanked by the artist .	The artist thanked the actors .	entailment
The author was contacted by the manager .	The manager contacted the author .	entailment
The athlete was admired by the artists .	The artists admired the athlete .	entailment
The actor was supported by the secretary .	The secretary supported the actor .	entailment
The senators were believed by the student .	The student believed the senators .	entailment
The secretary was helped by the professors .	The professors helped the secretary .	entailment
The lawyers were avoided by the doctor .	The doctor avoided the lawyers .	entailment
The students were recognized by the lawyer .	The lawyer recognized the students .	entailment
The judges were avoided by the professor .	The professor avoided the judges .	entailment
The managers were supported by the students .	The students supported the managers .	entailment
The author was thanked by the doctors .	The doctors thanked the author .	entailment
The student was avoided by the doctors .	The doctors avoided the student .	entailment
The doctor was introduced by the actors .	The actors introduced the doctor .	entailment
The tourists were encouraged by the students .	The students encouraged the tourists .	entailment
The doctors were avoided by the scientists .	The scientists avoided the doctors .	entailment
The secretary was recommended by the tourist .	The tourist recommended the secretary .	entailment
The student was thanked by the senator .	The senator thanked the student .	entailment
The artists were helped by the tourist .	The tourist helped the artists .	entailment
The senator was recognized by the artists .	The artists recognized the senator .	entailment
The secretaries were avoided by the presidents .	The presidents avoided the secretaries .	entailment
The doctors were helped by the presidents .	The presidents helped the doctors .	entailment
The scientists were advised by the judge .	The judge advised the scientists .	entailment
The judge was supported by the senator .	The senator supported the judge .	entailment
The senators were thanked by the tourist .	The tourist thanked the senators .	entailment
The senators were introduced by the professors .	The professors introduced the senators .	entailment
The manager was helped by the student .	The student helped the manager .	entailment
The author was recommended by the lawyers .	The lawyers recommended the author .	entailment
The scientist was thanked by the bankers .	The bankers thanked the scientist .	entailment
The doctor was contacted by the athlete .	The athlete contacted the doctor .	entailment
The judges were encouraged by the doctors .	The doctors encouraged the judges .	entailment
The athletes were contacted by the secretary .	The secretary contacted the athletes .	entailment
The athletes were encouraged by the president .	The president encouraged the athletes .	entailment
The athletes were encouraged by the actor .	The actor encouraged the athletes .	entailment
The bankers were contacted by the tourists .	The tourists contacted the bankers .	entailment
The tourists were encouraged by the presidents .	The presidents encouraged the tourists .	entailment
The scientists were avoided by the manager .	The manager avoided the scientists .	entailment
The senators were thanked by the presidents .	The presidents thanked the senators .	entailment
The president was contacted by the scientist .	The scientist contacted the president .	entailment
The actor was helped by the professor .	The professor helped the actor .	entailment
The senator was believed by the professor .	The professor believed the senator .	entailment
The tourist was recognized by the professor .	The professor recognized the tourist .	entailment
The actors were thanked by the authors .	The authors thanked the actors .	entailment
The secretaries were mentioned by the president .	The president mentioned the secretaries .	entailment
The manager was recommended by the president .	The president recommended the manager .	entailment
The judges were advised by the professor .	The professor advised the judges .	entailment
The professors were encouraged by the actor .	The actor encouraged the professors .	entailment
The secretary was stopped by the athletes .	The athletes stopped the secretary .	entailment
The professor was supported by the judge .	The judge supported the professor .	entailment
The manager was encouraged by the lawyers .	The lawyers encouraged the manager .	entailment
The author was thanked by the judge .	The judge thanked the author .	entailment
The lawyers were supported by the judge .	The judge supported the lawyers .	entailment
The judge was recognized by the athletes .	The athletes recognized the judge .	entailment
The president was introduced by the judge .	The judge introduced the president .	entailment
The professor was stopped by the senators .	The senators stopped the professor .	entailment
The lawyers were admired by the professor .	The professor admired the lawyers .	entailment
The scientist was contacted by the doctors .	The doctors contacted the scientist .	entailment
The student was introduced by the judge .	The judge introduced the student .	entailment
The bankers were encouraged by the president .	The president encouraged the bankers .	entailment
The actor was supported by the president .	The president supported the actor .	entailment
The manager was admired by the bankers .	The bankers admired the manager .	entailment
The doctors were avoided by the author .	The author avoided the doctors .	entailment
The senators were stopped by the professor .	The professor stopped the senators .	entailment
The author was recognized by the actors .	The actors recognized the author .	entailment
The lawyer was helped by the judges .	The judges helped the lawyer .	entailment
The judge was introduced by the president .	The president introduced the judge .	entailment
The judge was advised by the secretaries .	The secretaries advised the judge .	entailment
The artists were thanked by the president .	The president thanked the artists .	entailment
The senator was recognized by the judges .	The judges recognized the senator .	entailment
The managers were admired by the senators .	The senators admired the managers .	entailment
The lawyer was introduced by the president .	The president introduced the lawyer .	entailment
The actor was admired by the lawyer .	The lawyer admired the actor .	entailment
The students were avoided by the professors .	The professors avoided the students .	entailment
The artists were avoided by the professors .	The professors avoided the artists .	entailment
The doctor was supported by the professors .	The professors supported the doctor .	entailment
The actor was admired by the judges .	The judges admired the actor .	entailment
The scientists were encouraged by the lawyer .	The lawyer encouraged the scientists .	entailment
The presidents were contacted by the athlete .	The athlete contacted the presidents .	entailment
The managers were contacted by the tourist .	The tourist contacted the managers .	entailment
The presidents were stopped by the authors .	The authors stopped the presidents .	entailment
The judges were helped by the senators .	The senators helped the judges .	entailment
The president was believed by the secretary .	The secretary believed the president .	entailment
The president was stopped by the managers .	The managers stopped the president .	entailment
The authors were introduced by the actor .	The actor introduced the authors .	entailment
The actor was recommended by the students .	The students recommended the actor .	entailment
The artists were introduced by the tourists .	The tourists introduced the artists .	entailment
The actor was recognized by the doctor .	The doctor recognized the actor .	entailment
The doctors were recognized by the student .	The student recognized the doctors .	entailment
The doctor was helped by the professors .	The professors helped the doctor .	entailment
The president was recognized by the scientist .	The scientist recognized the president .	entailment
The senator was recognized by the secretaries .	The secretaries recognized the senator .	entailment
The lawyers were thanked by the professors .	The professors thanked the lawyers .	entailment
The professors were advised by the tourists .	The tourists advised the professors .	entailment
The secretary was admired by the judges .	The judges admired the secretary .	entailment
The doctors were contacted by the students .	The students contacted the doctors .	entailment
The athletes were helped by the professor .	The professor helped the athletes .	entailment
The student was introduced by the authors .	The authors introduced the student .	entailment
The banker was supported by the doctors .	The doctors supported the banker .	entailment
The senators were helped by the actor .	The actor helped the senators .	entailment
The authors were thanked by the banker .	The banker thanked the authors .	entailment
The doctor was recommended by the secretary .	The secretary recommended the doctor .	entailment
The secretaries were helped by the doctors .	The doctors helped the secretaries .	entailment
The presidents were avoided by the senators .	The senators avoided the presidents .	entailment
The tourists were thanked by the scientists .	The scientists thanked the tourists .	entailment
The doctor was encouraged by the professor .	The professor encouraged the doctor .	entailment
The secretaries were believed by the actor .	The actor believed the secretaries .	entailment
The senators were mentioned by the actor .	The actor mentioned the senators .	entailment
The bankers were admired by the scientists .	The scientists admired the bankers .	entailment
The student was encouraged by the athlete .	The athlete encouraged the student .	entailment
The secretary was stopped by the artist .	The artist stopped the secretary .	entailment
The tourists were avoided by the actors .	The actors avoided the tourists .	entailment
The actors were thanked by the president .	The president thanked the actors .	entailment
The secretaries were supported by the tourist .	The tourist supported the secretaries .	entailment
The professors were introduced by the students .	The students introduced the professors .	entailment
The athletes were thanked by the scientists .	The scientists thanked the athletes .	entailment
The president was helped by the tourist .	The tourist helped the president .	entailment
The professor was encouraged by the author .	The author encouraged the professor .	entailment
The artist was introduced by the senators .	The senators introduced the artist .	entailment
The judge was avoided by the artist .	The artist avoided the judge .	entailment
The authors were believed by the doctors .	The doctors believed the authors .	entailment
The secretary was advised by the athlete .	The athlete advised the secretary .	entailment
The scientist was recognized by the actors .	The actors recognized the scientist .	entailment
The student was encouraged by the artist .	The artist encouraged the student .	entailment
The students were admired by the actor .	The actor admired the students .	entailment
The scientists were advised by the secretaries .	The secretaries advised the scientists .	entailment
The lawyer was contacted by the professor .	The professor contacted the lawyer .	entailment
The banker was encouraged by the actor .	The actor encouraged the banker .	entailment
The judges were believed by the actors .	The actors believed the judges .	entailment
The tourist was encouraged by the athletes .	The athletes encouraged the tourist .	entailment
The artist was supported by the authors .	The authors supported the artist .	entailment
The actors were introduced by the bankers .	The bankers introduced the actors .	entailment
The actors were mentioned by the artists .	The artists mentioned the actors .	entailment
The artists were encouraged by the tourists .	The tourists encouraged the artists .	entailment
The student was introduced by the senators .	The senators introduced the student .	entailment
The authors were thanked by the lawyers .	The lawyers thanked the authors .	entailment
The secretaries were helped by the president .	The president helped the secretaries .	entailment
The doctor was stopped by the manager .	The manager stopped the doctor .	entailment
The managers were recognized by the artists .	The artists recognized the managers .	entailment
The tourists were recommended by the banker .	The banker recommended the tourists .	entailment
The students were recognized by the judge .	The judge recognized the students .	entailment
The actor was believed by the managers .	The managers believed the actor .	entailment
The tourists were mentioned by the scientists .	The scientists mentioned the tourists .	entailment
The lawyer was avoided by the senators .	The senators avoided the lawyer .	entailment
The senators were supported by the student .	The student supported the senators .	entailment
The judges were avoided by the senator .	The senator avoided the judges .	entailment
The student was stopped by the lawyers .	The lawyers stopped the student .	entailment
The tourists were contacted by the scientists .	The scientists contacted the tourists .	entailment
The managers were advised by the doctor .	The doctor advised the managers .	entailment
The president was helped by the student .	The student helped the president .	entailment
The lawyer was avoided by the tourists .	The tourists avoided the lawyer .	entailment
The author was recommended by the manager .	The manager recommended the author .	entailment
The scientists were advised by the athletes .	The athletes advised the scientists .	entailment
The managers were mentioned by the actors .	The actors mentioned the managers .	entailment
The doctor was helped by the authors .	The authors helped the doctor .	entailment
The bankers were helped by the scientists .	The scientists helped the bankers .	entailment
The judges were believed by the senator .	The senator believed the judges .	entailment
The president was recognized by the manager .	The manager recognized the president .	entailment
The senator was helped by the scientists .	The scientists helped the senator .	entailment
The author was introduced by the athlete .	The athlete introduced the author .	entailment
The secretary was encouraged by the author .	The author encouraged the secretary .	entailment
The tourist was mentioned by the professors .	The professors mentioned the tourist .	entailment
The secretaries were admired by the actor .	The actor admired the secretaries .	entailment
The actors were supported by the senator .	The senator supported the actors .	entailment
The secretaries were advised by the artists .	The artists advised the secretaries .	entailment
The scientists were supported by the judges .	The judges supported the scientists .	entailment
The secretaries were recognized by the actor .	The actor recognized the secretaries .	entailment
The senators were believed by the judge .	The judge believed the senators .	entailment
The president was recommended by the athlete .	The athlete recommended the president .	entailment
The president was avoided by the lawyer .	The lawyer avoided the president .	entailment
The managers were advised by the actor .	The actor advised the managers .	entailment
The senator was stopped by the doctors .	The doctors stopped the senator .	entailment
The senators were supported by the artist .	The artist supported the senators .	entailment
The doctors were believed by the manager .	The manager believed the doctors .	entailment
The professor was avoided by the lawyer .	The lawyer avoided the professor .	entailment
The lawyers were thanked by the doctors .	The doctors thanked the lawyers .	entailment
The author was recommended by the presidents .	The presidents recommended the author .	entailment
The secretary was supported by the lawyers .	The lawyers supported the secretary .	entailment
The tourists were recommended by the artists .	The artists recommended the tourists .	entailment
The presidents were encouraged by the tourist .	The tourist encouraged the presidents .	entailment
The artists were recommended by the actor .	The actor recommended the artists .	entailment
The manager was stopped by the secretary .	The secretary stopped the manager .	entailment
The senator was recommended by the tourist .	The tourist recommended the senator .	entailment
The presidents were mentioned by the secretaries .	The secretaries mentioned the presidents .	entailment
The students were avoided by the scientists .	The scientists avoided the students .	entailment
The scientists were advised by the student .	The student advised the scientists .	entailment
The judges were encouraged by the lawyer .	The lawyer encouraged the judges .	entailment
The lawyer was advised by the presidents .	The presidents advised the lawyer .	entailment
The president was advised by the authors .	The authors advised the president .	entailment
The tourists were encouraged by the student .	The student encouraged the tourists .	entailment
The tourists were stopped by the actor .	The actor stopped the tourists .	entailment
The athletes were recommended by the tourists .	The tourists recommended the athletes .	entailment
The president was helped by the professors .	The professors helped the president .	entailment
The students were mentioned by the presidents .	The presidents mentioned the students .	entailment
The presidents were stopped by the student .	The student stopped the presidents .	entailment
The presidents were recommended by the actors .	The actors recommended the presidents .	entailment
The athletes were recommended by the lawyer .	The lawyer recommended the athletes .	entailment
The doctors were thanked by the judges .	The judges thanked the doctors .	entailment
The student was recommended by the managers .	The managers recommended the student .	entailment
The manager was introduced by the professors .	The professors introduced the manager .	entailment
The banker was admired by the actor .	The actor admired the banker .	entailment
The managers were helped by the students .	The students helped the managers .	entailment
The banker was advised by the manager .	The manager advised the banker .	entailment
The manager was recognized by the artists .	The artists recognized the manager .	entailment
The judges were recommended by the professor .	The professor recommended the judges .	entailment
The tourist was supported by the actors .	The actors supported the tourist .	entailment
The judge was believed by the athlete .	The athlete believed the judge .	entailment
The athlete was thanked by the judges .	The judges thanked the athlete .	entailment
The athletes were recommended by the student .	The student recommended the athletes .	entailment
The managers were contacted by the judge .	The judge contacted the managers .	entailment
The scientist was helped by the author .	The author helped the scientist .	entailment
The secretary was supported by the doctor .	The doctor supported the secretary .	entailment
The scientist was stopped by the author .	The author stopped the scientist .	entailment
The tourists were recognized by the banker .	The banker recognized the tourists .	entailment
The lawyer was advised by the bankers .	The bankers advised the lawyer .	entailment
The tourists were encouraged by the actor .	The actor encouraged the tourists .	entailment
The student was believed by the lawyers .	The lawyers believed the student .	entailment
The author was avoided by the secretary .	The secretary avoided the author .	entailment
The actor was advised by the tourists .	The tourists advised the actor .	entailment
The president was thanked by the actor .	The actor thanked the president .	entailment
The students were helped by the scientist .	The scientist helped the students .	entailment
The athlete was believed by the bankers .	The bankers believed the athlete .	entailment
The actor was admired by the athletes .	The athletes admired the actor .	entailment
The senators were advised by the doctors .	The doctors advised the senators .	entailment
The manager was recommended by the tourist .	The tourist recommended the manager .	entailment
The judges were helped by the actor .	The actor helped the judges .	entailment
The presidents were supported by the scientists .	The scientists supported the presidents .	entailment
The authors were contacted by the tourist .	The tourist contacted the authors .	entailment
The manager was believed by the lawyers .	The lawyers believed the manager .	entailment
The judge was encouraged by the artists .	The artists encouraged the judge .	entailment
The professors were thanked by the tourist .	The tourist thanked the professors .	entailment
The doctor was helped by the judge .	The judge helped the doctor .	entailment
The bankers were thanked by the presidents .	The presidents thanked the bankers .	entailment
The artists were supported by the judge .	The judge supported the artists .	entailment
The scientists were contacted by the judges .	The judges contacted the scientists .	entailment
The tourist was recommended by the lawyers .	The lawyers recommended the tourist .	entailment
The presidents were believed by the senators .	The senators believed the presidents .	entailment
The athletes were contacted by the president .	The president contacted the athletes .	entailment
The banker was avoided by the athletes .	The athletes avoided the banker .	entailment
The author was encouraged by the banker .	The banker encouraged the author .	entailment
The doctors were mentioned by the bankers .	The bankers mentioned the doctors .	entailment
The athletes were recognized by the doctors .	The doctors recognized the athletes .	entailment
The professor was supported by the bankers .	The bankers supported the professor .	entailment
The student was advised by the judge .	The judge advised the student .	entailment
The judges were mentioned by the athletes .	The athletes mentioned the judges .	entailment
The tourists were helped by the student .	The student helped the tourists .	entailment
The manager was believed by the bankers .	The bankers believed the manager .	entailment
The judges were encouraged by the scientist .	The scientist encouraged the judges .	entailment
The manager knew the tourists supported the author .	The manager knew the tourists .	non-entailment
The manager knew the athlete mentioned the actor .	The manager knew the athlete .	non-entailment
The lawyers knew the professors mentioned the presidents .	The lawyers knew the professors .	non-entailment
The managers heard the secretary encouraged the author .	The managers heard the secretary .	non-entailment
The artists heard the judges saw the scientists .	The artists heard the judges .	non-entailment
The scientists heard the presidents believed the students .	The scientists heard the presidents .	non-entailment
The tourists believed the secretaries performed .	The tourists believed the secretaries .	non-entailment
The professors believed the managers shouted .	The professors believed the managers .	non-entailment
The presidents heard the actor resigned .	The presidents heard the actor .	non-entailment
The student knew the tourist arrived .	The student knew the tourist .	non-entailment
The scientist believed the artists ran .	The scientist believed the artists .	non-entailment
The lawyers believed the bankers resigned .	The lawyers believed the bankers .	non-entailment
The scientists knew the presidents believed the authors .	The scientists knew the presidents .	non-entailment
The presidents knew the professor encouraged the artists .	The presidents knew the professor .	non-entailment
The judge knew the lawyer thanked the actor .	The judge knew the lawyer .	non-entailment
The senator knew the professors called the actors .	The senator knew the professors .	non-entailment
The student heard the professors resigned .	The student heard the professors .	non-entailment
The doctor knew the athletes advised the secretaries .	The doctor knew the athletes .	non-entailment
The tourist believed the presidents contacted the lawyers .	The tourist believed the presidents .	non-entailment
The judges heard the actors performed .	The judges heard the actors .	non-entailment
The senators believed the scientists helped the student .	The senators believed the scientists .	non-entailment
The secretary believed the professors stopped the actor .	The secretary believed the professors .	non-entailment
The tourist believed the actors waited .	The tourist believed the actors .	non-entailment
The actors heard the presidents ran .	The actors heard the presidents .	non-entailment
The lawyers heard the athlete advised the manager .	The lawyers heard the athlete .	non-entailment
The senator knew the managers performed .	The senator knew the managers .	non-entailment
The judge believed the tourist arrived .	The judge believed the tourist .	non-entailment
The tourists heard the manager avoided the secretary .	The tourists heard the manager .	non-entailment
The authors knew the lawyers called the senator .	The authors knew the lawyers .	non-entailment
The lawyer heard the secretary avoided the doctors .	The lawyer heard the secretary .	non-entailment
The author believed the professors performed .	The author believed the professors .	non-entailment
The authors heard the tourist advised the presidents .	The authors heard the tourist .	non-entailment
The tourist heard the doctors ran .	The tourist heard the doctors .	non-entailment
The senator knew the doctors arrived .	The senator knew the doctors .	non-entailment
The artists heard the lawyer supported the actor .	The artists heard the lawyer .	non-entailment
The doctors believed the scientists helped the authors .	The doctors believed the scientists .	non-entailment
The athletes knew the authors recommended the actor .	The athletes knew the authors .	non-entailment
The author believed the doctors introduced the managers .	The author believed the doctors .	non-entailment
The senator heard the secretary resigned .	The senator heard the secretary .	non-entailment
The doctors heard the president thanked the authors .	The doctors heard the president .	non-entailment
The doctor believed the actors waited .	The doctor believed the actors .	non-entailment
The artist heard the manager saw the doctor .	The artist heard the manager .	non-entailment
The actor knew the athletes arrived .	The actor knew the athletes .	non-entailment
The actor knew the tourist called the president .	The actor knew the tourist .	non-entailment
The secretary believed the author saw the professor .	The secretary believed the author .	non-entailment
The scientists heard the professors resigned .	The scientists heard the professors .	non-entailment
The presidents believed the student called the athlete .	The presidents believed the student .	non-entailment
The senator believed the banker recommended the actor .	The senator believed the banker .	non-entailment
The students heard the judges mentioned the athlete .	The students heard the judges .	non-entailment
The secretaries believed the judges stopped the authors .	The secretaries believed the judges .	non-entailment
The scientist heard the judge avoided the senator .	The scientist heard the judge .	non-entailment
The actors heard the lawyer performed .	The actors heard the lawyer .	non-entailment
The professor heard the presidents saw the lawyers .	The professor heard the presidents .	non-entailment
The judge knew the senator shouted .	The judge knew the senator .	non-entailment
The judge knew the senators believed the author .	The judge knew the senators .	non-entailment
The tourist believed the scientists shouted .	The tourist believed the scientists .	non-entailment
The secretaries believed the actors slept .	The secretaries believed the actors .	non-entailment
The secretary knew the lawyer danced .	The secretary knew the lawyer .	non-entailment
The doctors believed the banker saw the tourists .	The doctors believed the banker .	non-entailment
The professors believed the senators introduced the athlete .	The professors believed the senators .	non-entailment
The doctor knew the professor avoided the authors .	The doctor knew the professor .	non-entailment
The authors knew the judges shouted .	The authors knew the judges .	non-entailment
The banker knew the athletes recommended the tourists .	The banker knew the athletes .	non-entailment
The artists believed the doctor ran .	The artists believed the doctor .	non-entailment
The athletes knew the actors contacted the secretaries .	The athletes knew the actors .	non-entailment
The bankers knew the judges performed .	The bankers knew the judges .	non-entailment
The tourists heard the presidents waited .	The tourists heard the presidents .	non-entailment
The senator knew the manager ran .	The senator knew the manager .	non-entailment
The actor believed the athletes resigned .	The actor believed the athletes .	non-entailment
The manager heard the president admired the athletes .	The manager heard the president .	non-entailment
The actor believed the professor introduced the banker .	The actor believed the professor .	non-entailment
The secretary believed the athletes waited .	The secretary believed the athletes .	non-entailment
The scientist heard the doctor introduced the president .	The scientist heard the doctor .	non-entailment
The doctor knew the bankers admired the lawyer .	The doctor knew the bankers .	non-entailment
The artists believed the tourist thanked the bankers .	The artists believed the tourist .	non-entailment
The judges knew the student saw the author .	The judges knew the student .	non-entailment
The senators believed the artist shouted .	The senators believed the artist .	non-entailment
The senator heard the athlete performed .	The senator heard the athlete .	non-entailment
The professors knew the athlete recognized the students .	The professors knew the athlete .	non-entailment
The secretaries heard the athletes helped the president .	The secretaries heard the athletes .	non-entailment
The secretaries believed the manager recognized the scientist .	The secretaries believed the manager .	non-entailment
The doctor heard the athlete recommended the lawyers .	The doctor heard the athlete .	non-entailment
The president heard the professor recognized the scientists .	The president heard the professor .	non-entailment
The tourist heard the actor encouraged the secretaries .	The tourist heard the actor .	non-entailment
The tourist believed the judges danced .	The tourist believed the judges .	non-entailment
The senator believed the secretaries encouraged the scientists .	The senator believed the secretaries .	non-entailment
The judges believed the athletes mentioned the bankers .	The judges believed the athletes .	non-entailment
The professors heard the artists contacted the judges .	The professors heard the artists .	non-entailment
The professors heard the artists ran .	The professors heard the artists .	non-entailment
The professors heard the artist performed .	The professors heard the artist .	non-entailment
The scientist heard the senator arrived .	The scientist heard the senator .	non-entailment
The lawyers heard the senator arrived .	The lawyers heard the senator .	non-entailment
The tourist believed the students helped the manager .	The tourist believed the students .	non-entailment
The secretaries believed the doctor arrived .	The secretaries believed the doctor .	non-entailment
The athlete heard the scientist stopped the professor .	The athlete heard the scientist .	non-entailment
The scientist knew the professors stopped the bankers .	The scientist knew the professors .	non-entailment
The presidents knew the managers stopped the scientists .	The presidents knew the managers .	non-entailment
The artist heard the scientists ran .	The artist heard the scientists .	non-entailment
The doctors knew the senator avoided the professor .	The doctors knew the senator .	non-entailment
The secretaries believed the senators introduced the scientist .	The secretaries believed the senators .	non-entailment
The judge knew the athlete arrived .	The judge knew the athlete .	non-entailment
The artists believed the president recommended the authors .	The artists believed the president .	non-entailment
The secretaries knew the actors contacted the scientist .	The secretaries knew the actors .	non-entailment
The artists knew the secretary mentioned the students .	The artists knew the secretary .	non-entailment
The judge heard the lawyers helped the scientist .	The judge heard the lawyers .	non-entailment
The lawyer believed the judge slept .	The lawyer believed the judge .	non-entailment
The lawyer believed the senator mentioned the artists .	The lawyer believed the senator .	non-entailment
The banker believed the scientists supported the author .	The banker believed the scientists .	non-entailment
The banker heard the doctor recognized the student .	The banker heard the doctor .	non-entailment
The scientist believed the manager stopped the professor .	The scientist believed the manager .	non-entailment
The secretary knew the artist waited .	The secretary knew the artist .	non-entailment
The tourist heard the artists mentioned the presidents .	The tourist heard the artists .	non-entailment
The authors knew the students mentioned the actor .	The authors knew the students .	non-entailment
The lawyers believed the actor avoided the authors .	The lawyers believed the actor .	non-entailment
The tourists heard the student contacted the professor .	The tourists heard the student .	non-entailment
The students heard the scientist shouted .	The students heard the scientist .	non-entailment
The athletes believed the judges waited .	The athletes believed the judges .	non-entailment
The professors heard the secretary stopped the tourists .	The professors heard the secretary .	non-entailment
The judges heard the doctors admired the tourist .	The judges heard the doctors .	non-entailment
The secretary knew the banker admired the doctor .	The secretary knew the banker .	non-entailment
The actors knew the student recognized the manager .	The actors knew the student .	non-entailment
The author knew the managers saw the senator .	The author knew the managers .	non-entailment
The senators heard the doctor shouted .	The senators heard the doctor .	non-entailment
The tourists heard the actor recognized the judge .	The tourists heard the actor .	non-entailment
The doctors heard the scientist contacted the professor .	The doctors heard the scientist .	non-entailment
The presidents knew the tourists admired the athletes .	The presidents knew the tourists .	non-entailment
The scientists knew the student encouraged the actor .	The scientists knew the student .	non-entailment
The manager believed the professor ran .	The manager believed the professor .	non-entailment
The tourist knew the senators recommended the scientists .	The tourist knew the senators .	non-entailment
The actors heard the doctors performed .	The actors heard the doctors .	non-entailment
The senator knew the judges performed .	The senator knew the judges .	non-entailment
The managers heard the artists resigned .	The managers heard the artists .	non-entailment
The banker heard the doctors recommended the secretaries .	The banker heard the doctors .	non-entailment
The tourist believed the doctors ran .	The tourist believed the doctors .	non-entailment
The senator believed the tourists waited .	The senator believed the tourists .	non-entailment
The managers heard the senators advised the scientists .	The managers heard the senators .	non-entailment
The actor heard the students called the tourists .	The actor heard the students .	non-entailment
The professors believed the artist stopped the actor .	The professors believed the artist .	non-entailment
The managers knew the banker admired the author .	The managers knew the banker .	non-entailment
The artists knew the doctor arrived .	The artists knew the doctor .	non-entailment
The tourist knew the judges performed .	The tourist knew the judges .	non-entailment
The athlete heard the president admired the tourist .	The athlete heard the president .	non-entailment
The professors heard the tourists performed .	The professors heard the tourists .	non-entailment
The scientists believed the student danced .	The scientists believed the student .	non-entailment
The doctor heard the managers helped the senator .	The doctor heard the managers .	non-entailment
The lawyer heard the author avoided the doctor .	The lawyer heard the author .	non-entailment
The students knew the managers introduced the presidents .	The students knew the managers .	non-entailment
The judges knew the tourist advised the artists .	The judges knew the tourist .	non-entailment
The bankers knew the scientist advised the secretary .	The bankers knew the scientist .	non-entailment
The manager believed the bankers called the artist .	The manager believed the bankers .	non-entailment
The banker believed the presidents mentioned the scientists .	The banker believed the presidents .	non-entailment
The president believed the tourists admired the manager .	The president believed the tourists .	non-entailment
The banker knew the senators ran .	The banker knew the senators .	non-entailment
The athletes knew the lawyers resigned .	The athletes knew the lawyers .	non-entailment
The tourists believed the judge slept .	The tourists believed the judge .	non-entailment
The student believed the professor saw the scientist .	The student believed the professor .	non-entailment
The actors heard the secretaries encouraged the professor .	The actors heard the secretaries .	non-entailment
The tourist knew the managers helped the judge .	The tourist knew the managers .	non-entailment
The students believed the tourist ran .	The students believed the tourist .	non-entailment
The judge heard the tourist recognized the artist .	The judge heard the tourist .	non-entailment
The artists believed the lawyers waited .	The artists believed the lawyers .	non-entailment
The senator believed the secretary shouted .	The senator believed the secretary .	non-entailment
The tourists knew the senators mentioned the managers .	The tourists knew the senators .	non-entailment
The author believed the actors slept .	The author believed the actors .	non-entailment
The doctor knew the athletes stopped the president .	The doctor knew the athletes .	non-entailment
The students knew the actor stopped the authors .	The students knew the actor .	non-entailment
The lawyer heard the students ran .	The lawyer heard the students .	non-entailment
The authors believed the senator advised the secretary .	The authors believed the senator .	non-entailment
The doctor heard the secretary admired the athlete .	The doctor heard the secretary .	non-entailment
The lawyer believed the manager ran .	The lawyer believed the manager .	non-entailment
The lawyer knew the authors recognized the president .	The lawyer knew the authors .	non-entailment
The scientists believed the artists slept .	The scientists believed the artists .	non-entailment
The artists believed the actors avoided the doctor .	The artists believed the actors .	non-entailment
The lawyer knew the authors introduced the professors .	The lawyer knew the authors .	non-entailment
The judges heard the doctor waited .	The judges heard the doctor .	non-entailment
The judge knew the tourist waited .	The judge knew the tourist .	non-entailment
The secretary knew the actor believed the lawyers .	The secretary knew the actor .	non-entailment
The doctors knew the managers thanked the athlete .	The doctors knew the managers .	non-entailment
The author knew the student waited .	The author knew the student .	non-entailment
The doctor believed the judges mentioned the actor .	The doctor believed the judges .	non-entailment
The bankers heard the actors arrived .	The bankers heard the actors .	non-entailment
The professor heard the president supported the actor .	The professor heard the president .	non-entailment
The scientist heard the student supported the tourists .	The scientist heard the student .	non-entailment
The athlete heard the professors avoided the secretaries .	The athlete heard the professors .	non-entailment
The banker knew the student called the doctors .	The banker knew the student .	non-entailment
The banker believed the senator avoided the artist .	The banker believed the senator .	non-entailment
The professors believed the scientist supported the secretary .	The professors believed the scientist .	non-entailment
The lawyer believed the authors mentioned the secretary .	The lawyer believed the authors .	non-entailment
The president heard the actors slept .	The president heard the actors .	non-entailment
The doctor knew the tourists waited .	The doctor knew the tourists .	non-entailment
The senator believed the artist waited .	The senator believed the artist .	non-entailment
The authors knew the presidents helped the manager .	The authors knew the presidents .	non-entailment
The scientists heard the athletes recognized the judge .	The scientists heard the athletes .	non-entailment
The scientist heard the senators shouted .	The scientist heard the senators .	non-entailment
The manager knew the presidents contacted the artist .	The manager knew the presidents .	non-entailment
The tourist believed the artist waited .	The tourist believed the artist .	non-entailment
The secretary believed the lawyer supported the scientist .	The secretary believed the lawyer .	non-entailment
The secretaries believed the professors encouraged the student .	The secretaries believed the professors .	non-entailment
The manager knew the doctor saw the actor .	The manager knew the doctor .	non-entailment
The athletes believed the student danced .	The athletes believed the student .	non-entailment
The professors heard the author recognized the student .	The professors heard the author .	non-entailment
The athlete believed the scientist recognized the banker .	The athlete believed the scientist .	non-entailment
The artist heard the judges arrived .	The artist heard the judges .	non-entailment
The students believed the artists contacted the manager .	The students believed the artists .	non-entailment
The lawyers knew the student waited .	The lawyers knew the student .	non-entailment
The tourist believed the presidents mentioned the artists .	The tourist believed the presidents .	non-entailment
The doctor heard the actors admired the lawyer .	The doctor heard the actors .	non-entailment
The author knew the lawyers resigned .	The author knew the lawyers .	non-entailment
The judge knew the artist resigned .	The judge knew the artist .	non-entailment
The athletes heard the artists supported the judges .	The athletes heard the artists .	non-entailment
The senator believed the scientists ran .	The senator believed the scientists .	non-entailment
The presidents heard the scientist admired the tourist .	The presidents heard the scientist .	non-entailment
The tourists believed the author arrived .	The tourists believed the author .	non-entailment
The judges heard the scientist called the doctors .	The judges heard the scientist .	non-entailment
The athlete believed the banker encouraged the professor .	The athlete believed the banker .	non-entailment
The senator believed the banker saw the presidents .	The senator believed the banker .	non-entailment
The author heard the scientist danced .	The author heard the scientist .	non-entailment
The judges believed the secretary helped the author .	The judges believed the secretary .	non-entailment
The president heard the doctor stopped the actor .	The president heard the doctor .	non-entailment
The authors heard the senators believed the bankers .	The authors heard the senators .	non-entailment
The athlete knew the tourists advised the senator .	The athlete knew the tourists .	non-entailment
The banker believed the lawyer stopped the actor .	The banker believed the lawyer .	non-entailment
The bankers believed the managers recommended the doctors .	The bankers believed the managers .	non-entailment
The tourists knew the students performed .	The tourists knew the students .	non-entailment
The tourists knew the senators mentioned the lawyer .	The tourists knew the senators .	non-entailment
The artist knew the tourists called the professor .	The artist knew the tourists .	non-entailment
The artists heard the author ran .	The artists heard the author .	non-entailment
The student heard the judge ran .	The student heard the judge .	non-entailment
The professor believed the athlete called the managers .	The professor believed the athlete .	non-entailment
The authors heard the doctor shouted .	The authors heard the doctor .	non-entailment
The managers knew the author performed .	The managers knew the author .	non-entailment
The bankers knew the tourists called the athletes .	The bankers knew the tourists .	non-entailment
The senators knew the judges ran .	The senators knew the judges .	non-entailment
The student believed the president admired the doctors .	The student believed the president .	non-entailment
The tourists heard the professors resigned .	The tourists heard the professors .	non-entailment
The judge believed the bankers recommended the scientist .	The judge believed the bankers .	non-entailment
The bankers knew the judges danced .	The bankers knew the judges .	non-entailment
The authors knew the president helped the judges .	The authors knew the president .	non-entailment
The students heard the managers supported the professors .	The students heard the managers .	non-entailment
The president heard the lawyers performed .	The president heard the lawyers .	non-entailment
The president believed the tourist avoided the artists .	The president believed the tourist .	non-entailment
The judges knew the artists stopped the lawyer .	The judges knew the artists .	non-entailment
The senators heard the tourist supported the doctor .	The senators heard the tourist .	non-entailment
The actors believed the senators stopped the tourist .	The actors believed the senators .	non-entailment
The senators heard the artists recognized the professors .	The senators heard the artists .	non-entailment
The athletes heard the senator admired the lawyers .	The athletes heard the senator .	non-entailment
The president believed the lawyers waited .	The president believed the lawyers .	non-entailment
The lawyers knew the students stopped the doctors .	The lawyers knew the students .	non-entailment
The students knew the doctors waited .	The students knew the doctors .	non-entailment
The athletes knew the professor ran .	The athletes knew the professor .	non-entailment
The president heard the senators contacted the judge .	The president heard the senators .	non-entailment
The doctor knew the judges ran .	The doctor knew the judges .	non-entailment
The bankers believed the tourists called the manager .	The bankers believed the tourists .	non-entailment
The student heard the authors danced .	The student heard the authors .	non-entailment
The doctors heard the manager advised the artists .	The doctors heard the manager .	non-entailment
The bankers heard the scientists avoided the professor .	The bankers heard the scientists .	non-entailment
The presidents heard the professor recommended the lawyer .	The presidents heard the professor .	non-entailment
The banker knew the secretary resigned .	The banker knew the secretary .	non-entailment
The athletes believed the lawyers stopped the managers .	The athletes believed the lawyers .	non-entailment
The secretaries believed the lawyer ran .	The secretaries believed the lawyer .	non-entailment
The bankers believed the doctors performed .	The bankers believed the doctors .	non-entailment
The tourists believed the artist avoided the secretaries .	The tourists believed the artist .	non-entailment
The tourist heard the senator performed .	The tourist heard the senator .	non-entailment
The artist believed the doctor saw the secretaries .	The artist believed the doctor .	non-entailment
The lawyers believed the scientist arrived .	The lawyers believed the scientist .	non-entailment
The tourist knew the secretary resigned .	The tourist knew the secretary .	non-entailment
The bankers heard the actor slept .	The bankers heard the actor .	non-entailment
The judge believed the scientists supported the tourist .	The judge believed the scientists .	non-entailment
The banker believed the secretary helped the presidents .	The banker believed the secretary .	non-entailment
The student believed the athlete recommended the lawyer .	The student believed the athlete .	non-entailment
The professors believed the senators recognized the judges .	The professors believed the senators .	non-entailment
The president believed the artist arrived .	The president believed the artist .	non-entailment
The student heard the athlete advised the doctor .	The student heard the athlete .	non-entailment
The actor believed the artist shouted .	The actor believed the artist .	non-entailment
The secretary knew the students introduced the scientist .	The secretary knew the students .	non-entailment
The bankers believed the judge recommended the manager .	The bankers believed the judge .	non-entailment
The president knew the doctors shouted .	The president knew the doctors .	non-entailment
The authors heard the secretaries saw the actors .	The authors heard the secretaries .	non-entailment
The managers believed the students shouted .	The managers believed the students .	non-entailment
The bankers heard the manager danced .	The bankers heard the manager .	non-entailment
The actor heard the doctors waited .	The actor heard the doctors .	non-entailment
The judge knew the scientist arrived .	The judge knew the scientist .	non-entailment
The actor knew the author ran .	The actor knew the author .	non-entailment
The student knew the managers advised the professor .	The student knew the managers .	non-entailment
The author heard the banker introduced the athlete .	The author heard the banker .	non-entailment
The secretary believed the bankers thanked the tourist .	The secretary believed the bankers .	non-entailment
The author knew the scientists resigned .	The author knew the scientists .	non-entailment
The president heard the lawyers recognized the scientist .	The president heard the lawyers .	non-entailment
The lawyer believed the professor stopped the judges .	The lawyer believed the professor .	non-entailment
The tourists knew the actor called the professor .	The tourists knew the actor .	non-entailment
The authors heard the student stopped the actors .	The authors heard the student .	non-entailment
The secretary heard the scientist encouraged the tourist .	The secretary heard the scientist .	non-entailment
The manager heard the student supported the senator .	The manager heard the student .	non-entailment
The secretary believed the manager saw the scientist .	The secretary believed the manager .	non-entailment
The lawyer knew the author performed .	The lawyer knew the author .	non-entailment
The authors heard the athletes recognized the presidents .	The authors heard the athletes .	non-entailment
The lawyer knew the doctor advised the professor .	The lawyer knew the doctor .	non-entailment
The presidents knew the doctor recognized the tourist .	The presidents knew the doctor .	non-entailment
The scientist knew the author mentioned the student .	The scientist knew the author .	non-entailment
The professors heard the banker thanked the tourist .	The professors heard the banker .	non-entailment
The managers knew the judges admired the tourist .	The managers knew the judges .	non-entailment
The secretaries heard the senators recommended the actor .	The secretaries heard the senators .	non-entailment
The president knew the tourists ran .	The president knew the tourists .	non-entailment
The judges heard the secretaries admired the bankers .	The judges heard the secretaries .	non-entailment
The presidents heard the banker stopped the scientist .	The presidents heard the banker .	non-entailment
The scientists heard the students contacted the professor .	The scientists heard the students .	non-entailment
The manager believed the secretaries waited .	The manager believed the secretaries .	non-entailment
The judges knew the professors shouted .	The judges knew the professors .	non-entailment
The professor heard the artists ran .	The professor heard the artists .	non-entailment
The athletes heard the tourist arrived .	The athletes heard the tourist .	non-entailment
The senator knew the scientists arrived .	The senator knew the scientists .	non-entailment
The secretaries believed the tourists waited .	The secretaries believed the tourists .	non-entailment
The professors heard the tourist contacted the secretary .	The professors heard the tourist .	non-entailment
The senators knew the secretary called the doctors .	The senators knew the secretary .	non-entailment
The doctor believed the president admired the professors .	The doctor believed the president .	non-entailment
The professors knew the athlete arrived .	The professors knew the athlete .	non-entailment
The managers heard the scientists advised the secretary .	The managers heard the scientists .	non-entailment
The students knew the actor avoided the doctors .	The students knew the actor .	non-entailment
The doctors heard the athletes waited .	The doctors heard the athletes .	non-entailment
The artist knew the judges shouted .	The artist knew the judges .	non-entailment
The author heard the doctors admired the secretaries .	The author heard the doctors .	non-entailment
The secretary believed the actors resigned .	The secretary believed the actors .	non-entailment
The bankers believed the president slept .	The bankers believed the president .	non-entailment
The actor heard the artist contacted the banker .	The actor heard the artist .	non-entailment
The author heard the doctor resigned .	The author heard the doctor .	non-entailment
The lawyer heard the doctors thanked the professor .	The lawyer heard the doctors .	non-entailment
The bankers believed the author stopped the scientist .	The bankers believed the author .	non-entailment
The doctor knew the judges waited .	The doctor knew the judges .	non-entailment
The tourists knew the managers admired the doctors .	The tourists knew the managers .	non-entailment
The managers heard the artist performed .	The managers heard the artist .	non-entailment
The scientists believed the presidents arrived .	The scientists believed the presidents .	non-entailment
The authors knew the lawyer slept .	The authors knew the lawyer .	non-entailment
The tourist heard the artist believed the senators .	The tourist heard the artist .	non-entailment
The tourists knew the secretary shouted .	The tourists knew the secretary .	non-entailment
The artist knew the actors thanked the athlete .	The artist knew the actors .	non-entailment
The manager heard the author shouted .	The manager heard the author .	non-entailment
The scientists knew the athlete admired the doctors .	The scientists knew the athlete .	non-entailment
The artists knew the professors danced .	The artists knew the professors .	non-entailment
The authors believed the doctors helped the student .	The authors believed the doctors .	non-entailment
The presidents believed the author performed .	The presidents believed the author .	non-entailment
The judges heard the author saw the actors .	The judges heard the author .	non-entailment
The students knew the doctor resigned .	The students knew the doctor .	non-entailment
The presidents knew the lawyers arrived .	The presidents knew the lawyers .	non-entailment
The students believed the artists called the actors .	The students believed the artists .	non-entailment
The presidents knew the actors believed the artist .	The presidents knew the actors .	non-entailment
The bankers knew the president performed .	The bankers knew the president .	non-entailment
The athletes believed the managers performed .	The athletes believed the managers .	non-entailment
The bankers knew the judges contacted the actor .	The bankers knew the judges .	non-entailment
The tourists knew the actor arrived .	The tourists knew the actor .	non-entailment
The senator believed the professors danced .	The senator believed the professors .	non-entailment
The banker knew the authors saw the doctors .	The banker knew the authors .	non-entailment
The president knew the secretaries encouraged the professor .	The president knew the secretaries .	non-entailment
The students heard the athlete advised the banker .	The students heard the athlete .	non-entailment
The judge heard the artists helped the managers .	The judge heard the artists .	non-entailment
The lawyer knew the student mentioned the actor .	The lawyer knew the student .	non-entailment
The professors knew the doctors contacted the actor .	The professors knew the doctors .	non-entailment
The lawyer knew the actor encouraged the doctors .	The lawyer knew the actor .	non-entailment
The secretary heard the presidents admired the senator .	The secretary heard the presidents .	non-entailment
The secretary believed the president performed .	The secretary believed the president .	non-entailment
The artists heard the author encouraged the secretary .	The artists heard the author .	non-entailment
The managers knew the senator thanked the judge .	The managers knew the senator .	non-entailment
The presidents heard the doctor waited .	The presidents heard the doctor .	non-entailment
The secretaries heard the artists danced .	The secretaries heard the artists .	non-entailment
The presidents knew the senators recognized the judges .	The presidents knew the senators .	non-entailment
The scientists knew the actors supported the artists .	The scientists knew the actors .	non-entailment
The president knew the professor recommended the actors .	The president knew the professor .	non-entailment
The professors believed the artists recognized the secretary .	The professors believed the artists .	non-entailment
The athletes knew the banker resigned .	The athletes knew the banker .	non-entailment
The judge knew the doctors arrived .	The judge knew the doctors .	non-entailment
The actors heard the managers stopped the doctors .	The actors heard the managers .	non-entailment
The banker believed the lawyers stopped the professor .	The banker believed the lawyers .	non-entailment
The author knew the senators encouraged the president .	The author knew the senators .	non-entailment
The judge believed the artist recognized the athlete .	The judge believed the artist .	non-entailment
The judge heard the doctor stopped the bankers .	The judge heard the doctor .	non-entailment
The senators heard the authors admired the judges .	The senators heard the authors .	non-entailment
The lawyers knew the president performed .	The lawyers knew the president .	non-entailment
The banker believed the student introduced the judge .	The banker believed the student .	non-entailment
The managers believed the lawyer called the tourist .	The managers believed the lawyer .	non-entailment
The actors heard the bankers resigned .	The actors heard the bankers .	non-entailment
The banker knew the athlete ran .	The banker knew the athlete .	non-entailment
The doctors heard the students called the athlete .	The doctors heard the students .	non-entailment
The president heard the managers performed .	The president heard the managers .	non-entailment
The actor heard the tourist shouted .	The actor heard the tourist .	non-entailment
The artist knew the banker waited .	The artist knew the banker .	non-entailment
The tourists knew the professors recommended the senator .	The tourists knew the professors .	non-entailment
The secretaries believed the scientist stopped the presidents .	The secretaries believed the scientist .	non-entailment
The artists knew the banker avoided the athlete .	The artists knew the banker .	non-entailment
The student knew the bankers arrived .	The student knew the bankers .	non-entailment
The lawyer knew the manager mentioned the president .	The lawyer knew the manager .	non-entailment
The managers believed the lawyer encouraged the doctors .	The managers believed the lawyer .	non-entailment
The authors knew the senators admired the doctors .	The authors knew the senators .	non-entailment
The president heard the senators advised the manager .	The president heard the senators .	non-entailment
The presidents heard the senator advised the scientist .	The presidents heard the senator .	non-entailment
The author believed the secretary admired the doctor .	The author believed the secretary .	non-entailment
The presidents believed the athletes slept .	The presidents believed the athletes .	non-entailment
The doctor knew the lawyer ran .	The doctor knew the lawyer .	non-entailment
The artists believed the managers contacted the president .	The artists believed the managers .	non-entailment
The professors knew the artists danced .	The professors knew the artists .	non-entailment
The senator believed the tourist stopped the actors .	The senator believed the tourist .	non-entailment
The tourists believed the artists called the bankers .	The tourists believed the artists .	non-entailment
The senators knew the doctor saw the athlete .	The senators knew the doctor .	non-entailment
The secretary believed the presidents recommended the judges .	The secretary believed the presidents .	non-entailment
The senators heard the athlete stopped the artists .	The senators heard the athlete .	non-entailment
The lawyers knew the bankers saw the tourists .	The lawyers knew the bankers .	non-entailment
The judge believed the artist danced .	The judge believed the artist .	non-entailment
The banker believed the lawyers recommended the professors .	The banker believed the lawyers .	non-entailment
The president believed the athletes contacted the secretary .	The president believed the athletes .	non-entailment
The secretaries heard the manager mentioned the bankers .	The secretaries heard the manager .	non-entailment
The professors believed the bankers mentioned the secretary .	The professors believed the bankers .	non-entailment
The artists believed the doctor waited .	The artists believed the doctor .	non-entailment
The scientist believed the author recommended the president .	The scientist believed the author .	non-entailment
The banker believed the scientist performed .	The banker believed the scientist .	non-entailment
The senator heard the doctor ran .	The senator heard the doctor .	non-entailment
The lawyer knew the authors introduced the president .	The lawyer knew the authors .	non-entailment
The tourists heard the managers recognized the student .	The tourists heard the managers .	non-entailment
The scientist heard the athletes introduced the senator .	The scientist heard the athletes .	non-entailment
The managers heard the author waited .	The managers heard the author .	non-entailment
The actors heard the tourists resigned .	The actors heard the tourists .	non-entailment
The doctors believed the professors encouraged the actor .	The doctors believed the professors .	non-entailment
The tourist knew the athlete recognized the presidents .	The tourist knew the athlete .	non-entailment
The doctors knew the athlete slept .	The doctors knew the athlete .	non-entailment
The banker knew the artist contacted the manager .	The banker knew the artist .	non-entailment
The scientists believed the secretary mentioned the actors .	The scientists believed the secretary .	non-entailment
The artists believed the secretaries supported the authors .	The artists believed the secretaries .	non-entailment
The lawyer knew the author shouted .	The lawyer knew the author .	non-entailment
The athlete believed the lawyer helped the doctor .	The athlete believed the lawyer .	non-entailment
The tourists heard the scientists recognized the secretaries .	The tourists heard the scientists .	non-entailment
The bankers knew the doctors supported the tourists .	The bankers knew the doctors .	non-entailment
The presidents knew the judges supported the actors .	The presidents knew the judges .	non-entailment
The lawyer knew the scientists shouted .	The lawyer knew the scientists .	non-entailment
The authors heard the scientist supported the doctors .	The authors heard the scientist .	non-entailment
The professor believed the secretaries advised the doctors .	The professor believed the secretaries .	non-entailment
The secretaries heard the doctors believed the athlete .	The secretaries heard the doctors .	non-entailment
The artists believed the authors performed .	The artists believed the authors .	non-entailment
The bankers believed the artist contacted the secretaries .	The bankers believed the artist .	non-entailment
The tourist believed the artist thanked the scientists .	The tourist believed the artist .	non-entailment
The actor knew the banker stopped the scientists .	The actor knew the banker .	non-entailment
The judges believed the artist danced .	The judges believed the artist .	non-entailment
The author knew the athletes shouted .	The author knew the athletes .	non-entailment
The president knew the actor believed the athlete .	The president knew the actor .	non-entailment
The lawyer knew the athletes stopped the senator .	The lawyer knew the athletes .	non-entailment
The bankers believed the actor saw the student .	The bankers believed the actor .	non-entailment
The bankers heard the student recommended the lawyers .	The bankers heard the student .	non-entailment
The lawyer knew the authors arrived .	The lawyer knew the authors .	non-entailment
The actors heard the tourists admired the scientist .	The actors heard the tourists .	non-entailment
The lawyer heard the tourist called the judges .	The lawyer heard the tourist .	non-entailment
The tourists believed the professor saw the students .	The tourists believed the professor .	non-entailment
The scientists knew the lawyers ran .	The scientists knew the lawyers .	non-entailment
The lawyers heard the senators performed .	The lawyers heard the senators .	non-entailment
The tourist knew the authors resigned .	The tourist knew the authors .	non-entailment
The artist believed the senator recognized the actors .	The artist believed the senator .	non-entailment
The doctors believed the presidents recommended the banker .	The doctors believed the presidents .	non-entailment
The senator knew the bankers slept .	The senator knew the bankers .	non-entailment
The professor heard the scientist believed the senator .	The professor heard the scientist .	non-entailment
The presidents believed the bankers helped the author .	The presidents believed the bankers .	non-entailment
The artists heard the secretary arrived .	The artists heard the secretary .	non-entailment
The managers knew the tourists ran .	The managers knew the tourists .	non-entailment
The scientists heard the senator arrived .	The scientists heard the senator .	non-entailment
The actor knew the senators danced .	The actor knew the senators .	non-entailment
The doctor heard the senator introduced the manager .	The doctor heard the senator .	non-entailment
The judges knew the president arrived .	The judges knew the president .	non-entailment
The presidents believed the professors admired the actors .	The presidents believed the professors .	non-entailment
The managers heard the secretary waited .	The managers heard the secretary .	non-entailment
The scientist heard the author mentioned the student .	The scientist heard the author .	non-entailment
The judge heard the athletes advised the scientists .	The judge heard the athletes .	non-entailment
The professor believed the author shouted .	The professor believed the author .	non-entailment
The athlete knew the presidents performed .	The athlete knew the presidents .	non-entailment
The presidents knew the bankers recognized the student .	The presidents knew the bankers .	non-entailment
The presidents heard the professor avoided the athlete .	The presidents heard the professor .	non-entailment
The lawyers believed the judges called the scientists .	The lawyers believed the judges .	non-entailment
The scientist knew the doctors slept .	The scientist knew the doctors .	non-entailment
The tourist heard the judge arrived .	The tourist heard the judge .	non-entailment
The presidents knew the professor recommended the authors .	The presidents knew the professor .	non-entailment
The judge believed the secretaries arrived .	The judge believed the secretaries .	non-entailment
The authors knew the artists stopped the actor .	The authors knew the artists .	non-entailment
The actors believed the banker called the author .	The actors believed the banker .	non-entailment
The lawyer heard the professors performed .	The lawyer heard the professors .	non-entailment
The students knew the athletes slept .	The students knew the athletes .	non-entailment
The scientists believed the athletes danced .	The scientists believed the athletes .	non-entailment
The athletes believed the actor stopped the students .	The athletes believed the actor .	non-entailment
The managers knew the lawyers introduced the banker .	The managers knew the lawyers .	non-entailment
The students believed the tourists admired the managers .	The students believed the tourists .	non-entailment
The author knew the scientists mentioned the artist .	The author knew the scientists .	non-entailment
The artists knew the student contacted the actor .	The artists knew the student .	non-entailment
The athlete knew the lawyers advised the senators .	The athlete knew the lawyers .	non-entailment
The senators believed the managers contacted the artists .	The senators believed the managers .	non-entailment
The secretary knew the lawyers resigned .	The secretary knew the lawyers .	non-entailment
The scientist knew the lawyers ran .	The scientist knew the lawyers .	non-entailment
The doctors knew the banker avoided the judge .	The doctors knew the banker .	non-entailment
The lawyer knew the actors encouraged the president .	The lawyer knew the actors .	non-entailment
The scientists heard the managers slept .	The scientists heard the managers .	non-entailment
The students heard the lawyer stopped the artists .	The students heard the lawyer .	non-entailment
The lawyer heard the senator saw the president .	The lawyer heard the senator .	non-entailment
The bankers believed the president encouraged the actor .	The bankers believed the president .	non-entailment
The judges knew the actors recommended the secretary .	The judges knew the actors .	non-entailment
The secretaries knew the managers believed the professors .	The secretaries knew the managers .	non-entailment
The author heard the manager contacted the actors .	The author heard the manager .	non-entailment
The student knew the actor recognized the professor .	The student knew the actor .	non-entailment
The athlete knew the judges stopped the lawyer .	The athlete knew the judges .	non-entailment
The actor heard the scientists arrived .	The actor heard the scientists .	non-entailment
The presidents heard the author saw the artist .	The presidents heard the author .	non-entailment
The doctor heard the managers saw the actors .	The doctor heard the managers .	non-entailment
The secretaries heard the student supported the lawyers .	The secretaries heard the student .	non-entailment
The author knew the banker recognized the students .	The author knew the banker .	non-entailment
The artists knew the authors shouted .	The artists knew the authors .	non-entailment
The students knew the senator ran .	The students knew the senator .	non-entailment
The secretary believed the professors advised the presidents .	The secretary believed the professors .	non-entailment
The artists heard the students encouraged the president .	The artists heard the students .	non-entailment
The tourists believed the professor recommended the doctor .	The tourists believed the professor .	non-entailment
The banker believed the senator thanked the scientists .	The banker believed the senator .	non-entailment
The senator heard the professor stopped the bankers .	The senator heard the professor .	non-entailment
The secretaries knew the scientist recognized the author .	The secretaries knew the scientist .	non-entailment
The president believed the professor danced .	The president believed the professor .	non-entailment
The tourists heard the artist resigned .	The tourists heard the artist .	non-entailment
The senators heard the tourist ran .	The senators heard the tourist .	non-entailment
The secretaries believed the banker resigned .	The secretaries believed the banker .	non-entailment
The secretaries heard the doctors encouraged the judge .	The secretaries heard the doctors .	non-entailment
The professors believed the managers contacted the student .	The professors believed the managers .	non-entailment
The secretaries knew the artists contacted the authors .	The secretaries knew the artists .	non-entailment
The bankers knew the scientists advised the judge .	The bankers knew the scientists .	non-entailment
The tourist knew the lawyers recommended the senators .	The tourist knew the lawyers .	non-entailment
The president heard the artists saw the judge .	The president heard the artists .	non-entailment
The senators believed the scientists stopped the authors .	The senators believed the scientists .	non-entailment
The student knew the doctor believed the professors .	The student knew the doctor .	non-entailment
The doctor heard the athletes thanked the secretaries .	The doctor heard the athletes .	non-entailment
The judges knew the author called the athlete .	The judges knew the author .	non-entailment
The secretaries believed the authors mentioned the president .	The secretaries believed the authors .	non-entailment
The senator believed the actors waited .	The senator believed the actors .	non-entailment
The scientists knew the author saw the doctor .	The scientists knew the author .	non-entailment
The athletes knew the senator mentioned the student .	The athletes knew the senator .	non-entailment
The secretaries knew the actor ran .	The secretaries knew the actor .	non-entailment
The scientist knew the senators contacted the artists .	The scientist knew the senators .	non-entailment
The doctors knew the judge resigned .	The doctors knew the judge .	non-entailment
The judges believed the senator shouted .	The judges believed the senator .	non-entailment
The managers heard the athletes called the president .	The managers heard the athletes .	non-entailment
The lawyers knew the manager ran .	The lawyers knew the manager .	non-entailment
The president believed the student recognized the authors .	The president believed the student .	non-entailment
The manager believed the actor admired the judge .	The manager believed the actor .	non-entailment
The doctor heard the tourist stopped the student .	The doctor heard the tourist .	non-entailment
The lawyer heard the senator shouted .	The lawyer heard the senator .	non-entailment
The doctors believed the lawyers ran .	The doctors believed the lawyers .	non-entailment
The actors knew the bankers called the managers .	The actors knew the bankers .	non-entailment
The managers believed the athlete danced .	The managers believed the athlete .	non-entailment
The presidents knew the lawyers encouraged the author .	The presidents knew the lawyers .	non-entailment
The artists heard the banker called the author .	The artists heard the banker .	non-entailment
The athletes heard the senator supported the managers .	The athletes heard the senator .	non-entailment
The actors knew the professors ran .	The actors knew the professors .	non-entailment
The scientist believed the senators slept .	The scientist believed the senators .	non-entailment
The author heard the scientists recommended the senator .	The author heard the scientists .	non-entailment
The doctors knew the tourist performed .	The doctors knew the tourist .	non-entailment
The managers believed the lawyers recommended the scientists .	The managers believed the lawyers .	non-entailment
The scientist knew the judge stopped the manager .	The scientist knew the judge .	non-entailment
The judge heard the lawyer believed the professor .	The judge heard the lawyer .	non-entailment
The doctors believed the secretaries danced .	The doctors believed the secretaries .	non-entailment
The lawyers heard the athletes slept .	The lawyers heard the athletes .	non-entailment
The athletes believed the actor waited .	The athletes believed the actor .	non-entailment
The scientists believed the secretaries slept .	The scientists believed the secretaries .	non-entailment
The tourists believed the athlete mentioned the artist .	The tourists believed the athlete .	non-entailment
The actors heard the tourist believed the judges .	The actors heard the tourist .	non-entailment
The managers knew the tourist mentioned the senators .	The managers knew the tourist .	non-entailment
The scientist knew the actors helped the banker .	The scientist knew the actors .	non-entailment
The manager knew the bankers thanked the scientists .	The manager knew the bankers .	non-entailment
The judges knew the professor supported the banker .	The judges knew the professor .	non-entailment
The lawyer knew the athletes advised the senator .	The lawyer knew the athletes .	non-entailment
The secretaries knew the bankers admired the artists .	The secretaries knew the bankers .	non-entailment
The lawyer heard the students called the tourist .	The lawyer heard the students .	non-entailment
The lawyer heard the tourists called the banker .	The lawyer heard the tourists .	non-entailment
The scientist heard the actor mentioned the author .	The scientist heard the actor .	non-entailment
The senators knew the president saw the authors .	The senators knew the president .	non-entailment
The professors heard the scientist admired the students .	The professors heard the scientist .	non-entailment
The athlete believed the authors waited .	The athlete believed the authors .	non-entailment
The tourist knew the doctors thanked the bankers .	The tourist knew the doctors .	non-entailment
The senator knew the professors believed the banker .	The senator knew the professors .	non-entailment
The tourists knew the judges called the president .	The tourists knew the judges .	non-entailment
The tourist believed the secretary resigned .	The tourist believed the secretary .	non-entailment
The scientist believed the tourist contacted the secretaries .	The scientist believed the tourist .	non-entailment
The actor heard the judge performed .	The actor heard the judge .	non-entailment
The doctors heard the scientist contacted the secretary .	The doctors heard the scientist .	non-entailment
The actors believed the president contacted the senators .	The actors believed the president .	non-entailment
The lawyers heard the athletes called the actor .	The lawyers heard the athletes .	non-entailment
The judges knew the doctors helped the professor .	The judges knew the doctors .	non-entailment
The actors heard the author encouraged the managers .	The actors heard the author .	non-entailment
The artist knew the doctor mentioned the secretary .	The artist knew the doctor .	non-entailment
The authors heard the professor ran .	The authors heard the professor .	non-entailment
The doctor heard the student shouted .	The doctor heard the student .	non-entailment
The authors heard the banker encouraged the managers .	The authors heard the banker .	non-entailment
The managers knew the students avoided the tourists .	The managers knew the students .	non-entailment
The secretaries believed the professor resigned .	The secretaries believed the professor .	non-entailment
The authors believed the students ran .	The authors believed the students .	non-entailment
The president knew the authors called the athlete .	The president knew the authors .	non-entailment
The athletes heard the students recognized the lawyer .	The athletes heard the students .	non-entailment
The scientists knew the artists saw the tourist .	The scientists knew the artists .	non-entailment
The tourist believed the athlete arrived .	The tourist believed the athlete .	non-entailment
The president knew the bankers resigned .	The president knew the bankers .	non-entailment
The students knew the athletes shouted .	The students knew the athletes .	non-entailment
The student heard the bankers encouraged the secretary .	The student heard the bankers .	non-entailment
The bankers knew the senators thanked the presidents .	The bankers knew the senators .	non-entailment
The artist knew the professor danced .	The artist knew the professor .	non-entailment
The tourist heard the professor shouted .	The tourist heard the professor .	non-entailment
The author heard the student introduced the secretary .	The author heard the student .	non-entailment
The secretaries knew the bankers thanked the managers .	The secretaries knew the bankers .	non-entailment
The artist knew the senators mentioned the secretary .	The artist knew the senators .	non-entailment
The banker believed the senator admired the artists .	The banker believed the senator .	non-entailment
The judges believed the athletes performed .	The judges believed the athletes .	non-entailment
The senator heard the athletes ran .	The senator heard the athletes .	non-entailment
The artist heard the lawyer shouted .	The artist heard the lawyer .	non-entailment
The student heard the athletes admired the manager .	The student heard the athletes .	non-entailment
The professors knew the presidents resigned .	The professors knew the presidents .	non-entailment
The manager knew the athlete advised the author .	The manager knew the athlete .	non-entailment
The scientist knew the actor introduced the lawyers .	The scientist knew the actor .	non-entailment
The students knew the author danced .	The students knew the author .	non-entailment
The president knew the secretaries called the artist .	The president knew the secretaries .	non-entailment
The banker heard the tourist supported the judge .	The banker heard the tourist .	non-entailment
The artists believed the author slept .	The artists believed the author .	non-entailment
The presidents knew the banker arrived .	The presidents knew the banker .	non-entailment
The artists heard the banker slept .	The artists heard the banker .	non-entailment
The banker heard the actor advised the tourists .	The banker heard the actor .	non-entailment
The judge knew the professors ran .	The judge knew the professors .	non-entailment
The students heard the secretaries supported the judges .	The students heard the secretaries .	non-entailment
The banker heard the managers avoided the judge .	The banker heard the managers .	non-entailment
The presidents believed the athlete contacted the secretaries .	The presidents believed the athlete .	non-entailment
The secretaries believed the student ran .	The secretaries believed the student .	non-entailment
The manager believed the judge helped the scientists .	The manager believed the judge .	non-entailment
The secretary heard the authors supported the doctor .	The secretary heard the authors .	non-entailment
The athlete knew the banker mentioned the doctors .	The athlete knew the banker .	non-entailment
The athlete knew the scientist advised the doctors .	The athlete knew the scientist .	non-entailment
The tourists knew the banker admired the professors .	The tourists knew the banker .	non-entailment
The president knew the judge advised the secretary .	The president knew the judge .	non-entailment
The scientist knew the manager encouraged the actor .	The scientist knew the manager .	non-entailment
The manager believed the professors encouraged the bankers .	The manager believed the professors .	non-entailment
The professor knew the bankers helped the scientists .	The professor knew the bankers .	non-entailment
The actors heard the president saw the bankers .	The actors heard the president .	non-entailment
The manager heard the doctor stopped the tourists .	The manager heard the doctor .	non-entailment
The manager heard the banker slept .	The manager heard the banker .	non-entailment
The professor believed the tourist advised the secretaries .	The professor believed the tourist .	non-entailment
The author heard the doctor called the senator .	The author heard the doctor .	non-entailment
The athletes believed the students helped the tourist .	The athletes believed the students .	non-entailment
The judge knew the senators shouted .	The judge knew the senators .	non-entailment
The scientists knew the athletes encouraged the professors .	The scientists knew the athletes .	non-entailment
The judges knew the professor introduced the students .	The judges knew the professor .	non-entailment
The senators knew the professor resigned .	The senators knew the professor .	non-entailment
The students believed the scientist recommended the tourists .	The students believed the scientist .	non-entailment
The judges believed the senator saw the scientists .	The judges believed the senator .	non-entailment
The doctor knew the actors performed .	The doctor knew the actors .	non-entailment
The scientists believed the lawyer called the secretaries .	The scientists believed the lawyer .	non-entailment
The athlete heard the lawyer stopped the banker .	The athlete heard the lawyer .	non-entailment
The artist believed the actors performed .	The artist believed the actors .	non-entailment
The presidents knew the tourists danced .	The presidents knew the tourists .	non-entailment
The athlete believed the students stopped the judge .	The athlete believed the students .	non-entailment
The tourist heard the artists advised the president .	The tourist heard the artists .	non-entailment
The professor heard the senators thanked the athlete .	The professor heard the senators .	non-entailment
The judge heard the actors performed .	The judge heard the actors .	non-entailment
The banker heard the doctors waited .	The banker heard the doctors .	non-entailment
The scientists knew the athletes believed the professor .	The scientists knew the athletes .	non-entailment
The artists knew the bankers performed .	The artists knew the bankers .	non-entailment
The actors heard the manager supported the secretary .	The actors heard the manager .	non-entailment
The president knew the doctor introduced the student .	The president knew the doctor .	non-entailment
The scientist heard the lawyer contacted the students .	The scientist heard the lawyer .	non-entailment
The scientists knew the lawyer ran .	The scientists knew the lawyer .	non-entailment
The authors believed the scientists recognized the banker .	The authors believed the scientists .	non-entailment
The artists believed the manager ran .	The artists believed the manager .	non-entailment
The senator believed the judges avoided the managers .	The senator believed the judges .	non-entailment
The senator believed the judge advised the tourist .	The senator believed the judge .	non-entailment
The manager believed the authors admired the students .	The manager believed the authors .	non-entailment
The athletes knew the lawyers contacted the artist .	The athletes knew the lawyers .	non-entailment
The professors heard the athletes danced .	The professors heard the athletes .	non-entailment
The authors heard the senator thanked the athlete .	The authors heard the senator .	non-entailment
The banker knew the secretaries advised the scientists .	The banker knew the secretaries .	non-entailment
The actor heard the artist waited .	The actor heard the artist .	non-entailment
The judge knew the artists introduced the secretaries .	The judge knew the artists .	non-entailment
The secretaries knew the students recognized the professor .	The secretaries knew the students .	non-entailment
The artist knew the doctor avoided the secretaries .	The artist knew the doctor .	non-entailment
The actors heard the professors shouted .	The actors heard the professors .	non-entailment
The student heard the professors helped the authors .	The student heard the professors .	non-entailment
The scientists heard the artists ran .	The scientists heard the artists .	non-entailment
The tourist heard the senator danced .	The tourist heard the senator .	non-entailment
The athletes heard the scientist supported the actor .	The athletes heard the scientist .	non-entailment
The banker knew the professor supported the athletes .	The banker knew the professor .	non-entailment
The manager knew the senator recognized the tourists .	The manager knew the senator .	non-entailment
The president heard the banker avoided the tourists .	The president heard the banker .	non-entailment
The tourist believed the scientist slept .	The tourist believed the scientist .	non-entailment
The secretaries heard the lawyers supported the presidents .	The secretaries heard the lawyers .	non-entailment
The students knew the senator introduced the lawyer .	The students knew the senator .	non-entailment
The actor knew the lawyer resigned .	The actor knew the lawyer .	non-entailment
The athletes believed the scientists introduced the artist .	The athletes believed the scientists .	non-entailment
The president knew the manager waited .	The president knew the manager .	non-entailment
The athletes heard the tourists introduced the actor .	The athletes heard the tourists .	non-entailment
The doctors heard the lawyer stopped the scientist .	The doctors heard the lawyer .	non-entailment
The student heard the lawyers ran .	The student heard the lawyers .	non-entailment
The authors knew the managers thanked the tourists .	The authors knew the managers .	non-entailment
The tourists believed the doctors performed .	The tourists believed the doctors .	non-entailment
The lawyer heard the athlete shouted .	The lawyer heard the athlete .	non-entailment
The professors believed the manager mentioned the athlete .	The professors believed the manager .	non-entailment
The secretary believed the actor mentioned the authors .	The secretary believed the actor .	non-entailment
The actor heard the senator called the lawyers .	The actor heard the senator .	non-entailment
The senator believed the artist helped the tourists .	The senator believed the artist .	non-entailment
The scientists heard the artists arrived .	The scientists heard the artists .	non-entailment
The artists knew the senators recommended the student .	The artists knew the senators .	non-entailment
The secretaries knew the authors introduced the scientists .	The secretaries knew the authors .	non-entailment
The lawyer believed the doctors arrived .	The lawyer believed the doctors .	non-entailment
The doctors knew the secretary contacted the banker .	The doctors knew the secretary .	non-entailment
The tourist knew the authors saw the doctor .	The tourist knew the authors .	non-entailment
The senators heard the professor mentioned the students .	The senators heard the professor .	non-entailment
The athlete knew the artist introduced the secretary .	The athlete knew the artist .	non-entailment
The manager believed the athlete performed .	The manager believed the athlete .	non-entailment
The actors knew the artist saw the tourists .	The actors knew the artist .	non-entailment
The lawyer knew the judges encouraged the scientist .	The lawyer knew the judges .	non-entailment
The authors knew the judges resigned .	The authors knew the judges .	non-entailment
The student believed the athlete slept .	The student believed the athlete .	non-entailment
The doctor believed the managers supported the artist .	The doctor believed the managers .	non-entailment
The judge heard the artist stopped the doctor .	The judge heard the artist .	non-entailment
The students knew the tourist saw the scientist .	The students knew the tourist .	non-entailment
The scientists heard the author believed the professors .	The scientists heard the author .	non-entailment
The artists believed the scientists helped the author .	The artists believed the scientists .	non-entailment
The lawyer knew the president believed the manager .	The lawyer knew the president .	non-entailment
The students heard the tourists avoided the professors .	The students heard the tourists .	non-entailment
The doctors believed the secretary stopped the author .	The doctors believed the secretary .	non-entailment
The lawyer heard the scientists shouted .	The lawyer heard the scientists .	non-entailment
The senator knew the doctors contacted the secretaries .	The senator knew the doctors .	non-entailment
The manager heard the actor introduced the judges .	The manager heard the actor .	non-entailment
The manager believed the author slept .	The manager believed the author .	non-entailment
The bankers believed the student recommended the secretary .	The bankers believed the student .	non-entailment
The authors heard the senators helped the manager .	The authors heard the senators .	non-entailment
The athletes heard the managers contacted the presidents .	The athletes heard the managers .	non-entailment
The senator knew the secretary danced .	The senator knew the secretary .	non-entailment
The artist knew the authors resigned .	The artist knew the authors .	non-entailment
The students heard the judges believed the secretaries .	The students heard the judges .	non-entailment
The president knew the athlete contacted the secretary .	The president knew the athlete .	non-entailment
The doctors knew the authors ran .	The doctors knew the authors .	non-entailment
The secretaries believed the student danced .	The secretaries believed the student .	non-entailment
The artists knew the presidents avoided the lawyer .	The artists knew the presidents .	non-entailment
The doctor believed the judge advised the senator .	The doctor believed the judge .	non-entailment
The manager knew the authors slept .	The manager knew the authors .	non-entailment
The actor knew the senators arrived .	The actor knew the senators .	non-entailment
The managers knew the doctor ran .	The managers knew the doctor .	non-entailment
The students believed the president contacted the actor .	The students believed the president .	non-entailment
The scientist knew the president introduced the artist .	The scientist knew the president .	non-entailment
The professor believed the actors thanked the senator .	The professor believed the actors .	non-entailment
The scientist believed the professor recognized the doctor .	The scientist believed the professor .	non-entailment
The judge knew the scientists slept .	The judge knew the scientists .	non-entailment
The doctors knew the senator saw the athlete .	The doctors knew the senator .	non-entailment
The students believed the secretaries performed .	The students believed the secretaries .	non-entailment
The judge knew the banker supported the lawyer .	The judge knew the banker .	non-entailment
The managers heard the presidents slept .	The managers heard the presidents .	non-entailment
The tourist believed the lawyers recommended the judge .	The tourist believed the lawyers .	non-entailment
The doctors knew the bankers shouted .	The doctors knew the bankers .	non-entailment
The artists knew the managers thanked the banker .	The artists knew the managers .	non-entailment
The student knew the author contacted the judge .	The student knew the author .	non-entailment
The secretary knew the actor recognized the manager .	The secretary knew the actor .	non-entailment
The managers knew the tourists arrived .	The managers knew the tourists .	non-entailment
The president knew the senators advised the doctor .	The president knew the senators .	non-entailment
The bankers heard the authors avoided the managers .	The bankers heard the authors .	non-entailment
The students knew the judges believed the doctor .	The students knew the judges .	non-entailment
The senator knew the doctor performed .	The senator knew the doctor .	non-entailment
The secretary heard the judges recognized the lawyer .	The secretary heard the judges .	non-entailment
The actors heard the secretaries danced .	The actors heard the secretaries .	non-entailment
The artists believed the presidents saw the secretary .	The artists believed the presidents .	non-entailment
The tourist heard the student shouted .	The tourist heard the student .	non-entailment
The athletes believed the author contacted the tourists .	The athletes believed the author .	non-entailment
The presidents heard the students stopped the managers .	The presidents heard the students .	non-entailment
The senator believed the authors encouraged the scientist .	The senator believed the authors .	non-entailment
The scientist knew the judge admired the author .	The scientist knew the judge .	non-entailment
The athlete heard the secretaries shouted .	The athlete heard the secretaries .	non-entailment
The judge heard the authors called the senator .	The judge heard the authors .	non-entailment
The lawyers knew the banker introduced the presidents .	The lawyers knew the banker .	non-entailment
The professors believed the student thanked the doctors .	The professors believed the student .	non-entailment
The president believed the senator performed .	The president believed the senator .	non-entailment
The lawyer believed the tourists introduced the scientist .	The lawyer believed the tourists .	non-entailment
The tourist heard the student ran .	The tourist heard the student .	non-entailment
The doctor knew the author waited .	The doctor knew the author .	non-entailment
The scientists believed the judges admired the actors .	The scientists believed the judges .	non-entailment
The doctor believed the artists encouraged the professor .	The doctor believed the artists .	non-entailment
The scientist knew the tourists thanked the athletes .	The scientist knew the tourists .	non-entailment
The presidents knew the secretary saw the senator .	The presidents knew the secretary .	non-entailment
The judges knew the bankers helped the authors .	The judges knew the bankers .	non-entailment
The president believed the bankers stopped the lawyer .	The president believed the bankers .	non-entailment
The president heard the scientist helped the artist .	The president heard the scientist .	non-entailment
The lawyer knew the authors ran .	The lawyer knew the authors .	non-entailment
The artists heard the authors admired the scientists .	The artists heard the authors .	non-entailment
The athlete knew the student performed .	The athlete knew the student .	non-entailment
The artist knew the tourist encouraged the lawyers .	The artist knew the tourist .	non-entailment
The artist knew the scientist introduced the secretaries .	The artist knew the scientist .	non-entailment
The secretaries knew the actor shouted .	The secretaries knew the actor .	non-entailment
The students knew the athlete advised the tourist .	The students knew the athlete .	non-entailment
The artists heard the scientist slept .	The artists heard the scientist .	non-entailment
The lawyer heard the presidents admired the judges .	The lawyer heard the presidents .	non-entailment
The professors knew the artists arrived .	The professors knew the artists .	non-entailment
The lawyers heard the authors resigned .	The lawyers heard the authors .	non-entailment
The senators knew the artists admired the author .	The senators knew the artists .	non-entailment
The artists heard the senator waited .	The artists heard the senator .	non-entailment
The actors heard the banker stopped the athletes .	The actors heard the banker .	non-entailment
The secretary heard the artists believed the scientist .	The secretary heard the artists .	non-entailment
The senator believed the judges mentioned the president .	The senator believed the judges .	non-entailment
The manager knew the artists recommended the doctor .	The manager knew the artists .	non-entailment
The manager heard the actor thanked the scientists .	The manager heard the actor .	non-entailment
The bankers knew the tourists advised the professors .	The bankers knew the tourists .	non-entailment
The athletes believed the authors admired the professors .	The athletes believed the authors .	non-entailment
The secretaries knew the tourists ran .	The secretaries knew the tourists .	non-entailment
The athlete heard the judges danced .	The athlete heard the judges .	non-entailment
The tourist heard the judge recommended the president .	The tourist heard the judge .	non-entailment
The tourist heard the doctors waited .	The tourist heard the doctors .	non-entailment
The student believed the artist advised the tourist .	The student believed the artist .	non-entailment
The authors believed the senators ran .	The authors believed the senators .	non-entailment
The tourists believed the bankers shouted .	The tourists believed the bankers .	non-entailment
The student knew the author recommended the manager .	The student knew the author .	non-entailment
The banker believed the artists recommended the scientist .	The banker believed the artists .	non-entailment
The secretaries heard the student arrived .	The secretaries heard the student .	non-entailment
The lawyers heard the senator stopped the student .	The lawyers heard the senator .	non-entailment
The artist believed the professor admired the lawyer .	The artist believed the professor .	non-entailment
The students heard the athletes performed .	The students heard the athletes .	non-entailment
The artists believed the lawyers contacted the secretary .	The artists believed the lawyers .	non-entailment
The secretaries believed the judge slept .	The secretaries believed the judge .	non-entailment
The authors believed the secretaries mentioned the students .	The authors believed the secretaries .	non-entailment
The bankers heard the athlete performed .	The bankers heard the athlete .	non-entailment
The lawyer believed the bankers resigned .	The lawyer believed the bankers .	non-entailment
The scientist believed the tourists performed .	The scientist believed the tourists .	non-entailment
The presidents believed the lawyer advised the tourists .	The presidents believed the lawyer .	non-entailment
The secretary heard the athletes recognized the author .	The secretary heard the athletes .	non-entailment
The banker believed the tourists shouted .	The banker believed the tourists .	non-entailment
The authors believed the lawyer ran .	The authors believed the lawyer .	non-entailment
The professors knew the tourists waited .	The professors knew the tourists .	non-entailment
The actor heard the managers slept .	The actor heard the managers .	non-entailment
The students believed the scientists saw the artists .	The students believed the scientists .	non-entailment
The doctor knew the artist stopped the lawyers .	The doctor knew the artist .	non-entailment
The authors knew the artist recognized the professor .	The authors knew the artist .	non-entailment
The lawyers heard the presidents recognized the scientist .	The lawyers heard the presidents .	non-entailment
The scientist believed the actor arrived .	The scientist believed the actor .	non-entailment
The secretaries believed the bankers arrived .	The secretaries believed the bankers .	non-entailment
The actors heard the scientists encouraged the senator .	The actors heard the scientists .	non-entailment
The senator believed the judges arrived .	The senator believed the judges .	non-entailment
The banker believed the judge avoided the senator .	The banker believed the judge .	non-entailment
The athlete believed the authors arrived .	The athlete believed the authors .	non-entailment
The judge heard the scientist ran .	The judge heard the scientist .	non-entailment
The artist knew the senator recommended the judge .	The artist knew the senator .	non-entailment
The manager heard the tourists arrived .	The manager heard the tourists .	non-entailment
The managers knew the senator danced .	The managers knew the senator .	non-entailment
The student knew the professors slept .	The student knew the professors .	non-entailment
The artists believed the senator ran .	The artists believed the senator .	non-entailment
The author believed the doctor recommended the tourist .	The author believed the doctor .	non-entailment
The professors heard the managers helped the students .	The professors heard the managers .	non-entailment
The artists knew the bankers slept .	The artists knew the bankers .	non-entailment
The senator heard the scientists shouted .	The senator heard the scientists .	non-entailment
The scientists believed the tourists ran .	The scientists believed the tourists .	non-entailment
The doctors heard the athlete arrived .	The doctors heard the athlete .	non-entailment
The professor believed the bankers called the students .	The professor believed the bankers .	non-entailment
The artists knew the student resigned .	The artists knew the student .	non-entailment
The scientists heard the managers shouted .	The scientists heard the managers .	non-entailment
The student heard the actor advised the authors .	The student heard the actor .	non-entailment
The senators believed the athletes advised the presidents .	The senators believed the athletes .	non-entailment
The professors heard the presidents recognized the scientist .	The professors heard the presidents .	non-entailment
The secretary knew the authors helped the doctors .	The secretary knew the authors .	non-entailment
The managers heard the judge recommended the secretaries .	The managers heard the judge .	non-entailment
The authors knew the actor called the tourist .	The authors knew the actor .	non-entailment
The scientists knew the athletes arrived .	The scientists knew the athletes .	non-entailment
The manager knew the student performed .	The manager knew the student .	non-entailment
The secretary heard the author slept .	The secretary heard the author .	non-entailment
The artists knew the author recognized the athlete .	The artists knew the author .	non-entailment
The doctors knew the manager admired the lawyer .	The doctors knew the manager .	non-entailment
The senator believed the tourists recognized the professors .	The senator believed the tourists .	non-entailment
The students believed the senators arrived .	The students believed the senators .	non-entailment
The scientist believed the authors contacted the professor .	The scientist believed the authors .	non-entailment
The artist believed the judge advised the manager .	The artist believed the judge .	non-entailment
The scientist knew the author performed .	The scientist knew the author .	non-entailment
The artist knew the actors resigned .	The artist knew the actors .	non-entailment
The authors believed the actors shouted .	The authors believed the actors .	non-entailment
The presidents knew the judge called the professors .	The presidents knew the judge .	non-entailment
The doctor heard the tourists believed the bankers .	The doctor heard the tourists .	non-entailment
The students knew the tourists helped the secretaries .	The students knew the tourists .	non-entailment
The professors knew the managers arrived .	The professors knew the managers .	non-entailment
The senator heard the manager thanked the scientist .	The senator heard the manager .	non-entailment
The senator knew the athletes introduced the lawyers .	The senator knew the athletes .	non-entailment
The senators knew the judges helped the author .	The senators knew the judges .	non-entailment
The lawyer knew the senators recommended the judges .	The lawyer knew the senators .	non-entailment
The judge knew the athlete stopped the scientist .	The judge knew the athlete .	non-entailment
The senator believed the president resigned .	The senator believed the president .	non-entailment
The lawyer knew the athletes arrived .	The lawyer knew the athletes .	non-entailment
The bankers believed the author thanked the presidents .	The bankers believed the author .	non-entailment
The authors believed the doctor shouted .	The authors believed the doctor .	non-entailment
The artists knew the secretaries called the judge .	The artists knew the secretaries .	non-entailment
The artist heard the doctors mentioned the manager .	The artist heard the doctors .	non-entailment
The banker heard the senator called the athletes .	The banker heard the senator .	non-entailment
The judge heard the tourists waited .	The judge heard the tourists .	non-entailment
The manager believed the banker shouted .	The manager believed the banker .	non-entailment
The students heard the secretary shouted .	The students heard the secretary .	non-entailment
The banker knew the managers introduced the actors .	The banker knew the managers .	non-entailment
The senators heard the doctors admired the student .	The senators heard the doctors .	non-entailment
The actor knew the bankers stopped the scientists .	The actor knew the bankers .	non-entailment
The athletes knew the artist avoided the actor .	The athletes knew the artist .	non-entailment
The athletes heard the tourists danced .	The athletes heard the tourists .	non-entailment
The lawyers believed the banker slept .	The lawyers believed the banker .	non-entailment
The senator knew the managers resigned .	The senator knew the managers .	non-entailment
The president heard the professor resigned .	The president heard the professor .	non-entailment
The tourists believed the scientists encouraged the athletes .	The tourists believed the scientists .	non-entailment
The senator heard the banker introduced the author .	The senator heard the banker .	non-entailment
The banker heard the judge encouraged the doctors .	The banker heard the judge .	non-entailment
The managers heard the presidents believed the scientists .	The managers heard the presidents .	non-entailment
The professors knew the doctors supported the actors .	The professors knew the doctors .	non-entailment
The authors knew the lawyers saw the scientists .	The authors knew the lawyers .	non-entailment
The judges knew the bankers shouted .	The judges knew the bankers .	non-entailment
The authors believed the senators resigned .	The authors believed the senators .	non-entailment
The judges believed the scientist encouraged the students .	The judges believed the scientist .	non-entailment
The student knew the tourists waited .	The student knew the tourists .	non-entailment
The scientists believed the managers slept .	The scientists believed the managers .	non-entailment
The bankers knew the president arrived .	The bankers knew the president .	non-entailment
The judge believed the bankers slept .	The judge believed the bankers .	non-entailment
The lawyer knew the actors avoided the tourists .	The lawyer knew the actors .	non-entailment
The doctor heard the artist shouted .	The doctor heard the artist .	non-entailment
The artist knew the judge performed .	The artist knew the judge .	non-entailment
The managers knew the professor ran .	The managers knew the professor .	non-entailment
The doctors heard the judge thanked the athletes .	The doctors heard the judge .	non-entailment
The author knew the students supported the tourist .	The author knew the students .	non-entailment
The managers knew the lawyer saw the judge .	The managers knew the lawyer .	non-entailment
The banker believed the athletes performed .	The banker believed the athletes .	non-entailment
The judge believed the secretary advised the students .	The judge believed the secretary .	non-entailment
The artists heard the student introduced the senator .	The artists heard the student .	non-entailment
The judge heard the managers avoided the athlete .	The judge heard the managers .	non-entailment
The doctor believed the actor shouted .	The doctor believed the actor .	non-entailment
The athletes knew the managers resigned .	The athletes knew the managers .	non-entailment
The athlete knew the bankers supported the authors .	The athlete knew the bankers .	non-entailment
The professors knew the author ran .	The professors knew the author .	non-entailment
The banker believed the professors helped the lawyers .	The banker believed the professors .	non-entailment
The doctors knew the students admired the lawyer .	The doctors knew the students .	non-entailment
The senators knew the athletes contacted the judges .	The senators knew the athletes .	non-entailment
The artists believed the athletes supported the scientist .	The artists believed the athletes .	non-entailment
The doctor heard the athlete believed the managers .	The doctor heard the athlete .	non-entailment
The scientist heard the athletes advised the tourist .	The scientist heard the athletes .	non-entailment
The lawyer knew the authors danced .	The lawyer knew the authors .	non-entailment
The doctor knew the president waited .	The doctor knew the president .	non-entailment
The scientists believed the students thanked the authors .	The scientists believed the students .	non-entailment
The managers heard the athletes ran .	The managers heard the athletes .	non-entailment
The authors knew the president recognized the tourist .	The authors knew the president .	non-entailment
The artist knew the lawyer called the judges .	The artist knew the lawyer .	non-entailment
The judge believed the scientists danced .	The judge believed the scientists .	non-entailment
The doctor heard the tourists introduced the actors .	The doctor heard the tourists .	non-entailment
The tourists believed the secretary recognized the managers .	The tourists believed the secretary .	non-entailment
The secretaries knew the bankers recognized the senators .	The secretaries knew the bankers .	non-entailment
The bankers knew the senator resigned .	The bankers knew the senator .	non-entailment
The manager believed the athlete arrived .	The manager believed the athlete .	non-entailment
The doctor heard the professors advised the scientist .	The doctor heard the professors .	non-entailment
The tourist knew the actors advised the student .	The tourist knew the actors .	non-entailment
The artist knew the secretaries resigned .	The artist knew the secretaries .	non-entailment
The secretaries heard the senator waited .	The secretaries heard the senator .	non-entailment
The scientist knew the judges waited .	The scientist knew the judges .	non-entailment
The president believed the athletes arrived .	The president believed the athletes .	non-entailment
The scientist heard the manager ran .	The scientist heard the manager .	non-entailment
The presidents knew the student admired the banker .	The presidents knew the student .	non-entailment
The actors believed the authors contacted the scientists .	The actors believed the authors .	non-entailment
The athlete knew the lawyer admired the bankers .	The athlete knew the lawyer .	non-entailment
The doctors believed the author avoided the lawyers .	The doctors believed the author .	non-entailment
The professor heard the tourist introduced the student .	The professor heard the tourist .	non-entailment
The secretary knew the tourists resigned .	The secretary knew the tourists .	non-entailment
The banker heard the artist arrived .	The banker heard the artist .	non-entailment
The students knew the actor recognized the professor .	The students knew the actor .	non-entailment
The judge believed the lawyers helped the banker .	The judge believed the lawyers .	non-entailment
The banker knew the tourist supported the scientist .	The banker knew the tourist .	non-entailment
The lawyers believed the senators saw the manager .	The lawyers believed the senators .	non-entailment
The artists knew the banker contacted the scientists .	The artists knew the banker .	non-entailment
The judges knew the athlete recognized the lawyer .	The judges knew the athlete .	non-entailment
The professor heard the artists waited .	The professor heard the artists .	non-entailment
The presidents heard the bankers performed .	The presidents heard the bankers .	non-entailment
The secretary heard the authors avoided the managers .	The secretary heard the authors .	non-entailment
The athletes knew the professor recommended the secretary .	The athletes knew the professor .	non-entailment
The scientist knew the tourist admired the artists .	The scientist knew the tourist .	non-entailment
The secretary heard the professors admired the athletes .	The secretary heard the professors .	non-entailment
The manager believed the senator avoided the professor .	The manager believed the senator .	non-entailment
The lawyer knew the scientist helped the doctor .	The lawyer knew the scientist .	non-entailment
The actor heard the tourists ran .	The actor heard the tourists .	non-entailment
The secretaries heard the author introduced the professor .	The secretaries heard the author .	non-entailment
The professor knew the doctors slept .	The professor knew the doctors .	non-entailment
The lawyers heard the president introduced the judge .	The lawyers heard the president .	non-entailment
The lawyer heard the president arrived .	The lawyer heard the president .	non-entailment
The artist believed the doctors introduced the actor .	The artist believed the doctors .	non-entailment
The managers knew the artists performed .	The managers knew the artists .	non-entailment
The doctors knew the judges admired the professors .	The doctors knew the judges .	non-entailment
The athlete heard the artist supported the judges .	The athlete heard the artist .	non-entailment
The doctor believed the athletes performed .	The doctor believed the athletes .	non-entailment
The secretaries knew the authors introduced the tourists .	The secretaries knew the authors .	non-entailment
The actor believed the scientist advised the tourist .	The actor believed the scientist .	non-entailment
The actor knew the presidents arrived .	The actor knew the presidents .	non-entailment
The tourist believed the scientist recommended the artist .	The tourist believed the scientist .	non-entailment
The lawyers believed the professors danced .	The lawyers believed the professors .	non-entailment
The author believed the scientists stopped the tourists .	The author believed the scientists .	non-entailment
The managers heard the professors thanked the author .	The managers heard the professors .	non-entailment
The judges believed the tourists ran .	The judges believed the tourists .	non-entailment
The actors heard the managers contacted the authors .	The actors heard the managers .	non-entailment
The professor heard the scientists advised the actors .	The professor heard the scientists .	non-entailment
The presidents heard the judges stopped the authors .	The presidents heard the judges .	non-entailment
The secretaries heard the senators introduced the artist .	The secretaries heard the senators .	non-entailment
The manager heard the actors ran .	The manager heard the actors .	non-entailment
The actor heard the judges believed the secretary .	The actor heard the judges .	non-entailment
The actor believed the president resigned .	The actor believed the president .	non-entailment
The secretary believed the actor recommended the student .	The secretary believed the actor .	non-entailment
The artists knew the bankers avoided the senators .	The artists knew the bankers .	non-entailment
The artists knew the professors ran .	The artists knew the professors .	non-entailment
The bankers believed the artist saw the author .	The bankers believed the artist .	non-entailment
The doctors knew the authors mentioned the lawyer .	The doctors knew the authors .	non-entailment
The managers heard the bankers slept .	The managers heard the bankers .	non-entailment
The artists knew the author admired the bankers .	The artists knew the author .	non-entailment
The artist believed the scientists slept .	The artist believed the scientists .	non-entailment
The author heard the presidents recommended the secretary .	The author heard the presidents .	non-entailment
The managers next to the professors performed .	The professors performed .	non-entailment
The actors behind the doctors supported the authors .	The doctors supported the authors .	non-entailment
The judge by the professors shouted .	The professors shouted .	non-entailment
The managers near the scientist resigned .	The scientist resigned .	non-entailment
The judges next to the senator called the students .	The senator called the students .	non-entailment
The president behind the student danced .	The student danced .	non-entailment
The bankers next to the senator arrived .	The senator arrived .	non-entailment
The scientists by the actor slept .	The actor slept .	non-entailment
The student next to the athlete waited .	The athlete waited .	non-entailment
The actors next to the lawyer ran .	The lawyer ran .	non-entailment
The actors in front of the professors arrived .	The professors arrived .	non-entailment
The doctors behind the athletes ran .	The athletes ran .	non-entailment
The scientist near the tourists believed the senator .	The tourists believed the senator .	non-entailment
The managers in front of the judges mentioned the senator .	The judges mentioned the senator .	non-entailment
The authors in front of the senators contacted the artists .	The senators contacted the artists .	non-entailment
The managers behind the athlete believed the author .	The athlete believed the author .	non-entailment
The president near the student danced .	The student danced .	non-entailment
The lawyers in front of the artists arrived .	The artists arrived .	non-entailment
The banker next to the artists shouted .	The artists shouted .	non-entailment
The student behind the athletes stopped the banker .	The athletes stopped the banker .	non-entailment
The managers next to the secretary recommended the artist .	The secretary recommended the artist .	non-entailment
The athlete by the secretary mentioned the author .	The secretary mentioned the author .	non-entailment
The student behind the judges introduced the tourist .	The judges introduced the tourist .	non-entailment
The senator near the actors mentioned the judge .	The actors mentioned the judge .	non-entailment
The senator in front of the judge mentioned the professors .	The judge mentioned the professors .	non-entailment
The lawyers in front of the student encouraged the professor .	The student encouraged the professor .	non-entailment
The doctors next to the president called the professors .	The president called the professors .	non-entailment
The banker in front of the doctor saw the secretaries .	The doctor saw the secretaries .	non-entailment
The athlete by the students supported the president .	The students supported the president .	non-entailment
The authors next to the athletes ran .	The athletes ran .	non-entailment
The artist near the lawyer resigned .	The lawyer resigned .	non-entailment
The bankers behind the president slept .	The president slept .	non-entailment
The author behind the tourist believed the students .	The tourist believed the students .	non-entailment
The artists by the tourist arrived .	The tourist arrived .	non-entailment
The actors in front of the student ran .	The student ran .	non-entailment
The president next to the tourists resigned .	The tourists resigned .	non-entailment
The president in front of the bankers resigned .	The bankers resigned .	non-entailment
The manager next to the secretary danced .	The secretary danced .	non-entailment
The tourists by the secretaries shouted .	The secretaries shouted .	non-entailment
The students in front of the tourist encouraged the athletes .	The tourist encouraged the athletes .	non-entailment
The president next to the students introduced the doctors .	The students introduced the doctors .	non-entailment
The president near the secretary admired the tourist .	The secretary admired the tourist .	non-entailment
The artists next to the secretary encouraged the bankers .	The secretary encouraged the bankers .	non-entailment
The student behind the athlete thanked the doctors .	The athlete thanked the doctors .	non-entailment
The senators near the president avoided the tourists .	The president avoided the tourists .	non-entailment
The lawyer behind the professor mentioned the managers .	The professor mentioned the managers .	non-entailment
The doctors next to the managers stopped the president .	The managers stopped the president .	non-entailment
The secretaries next to the presidents waited .	The presidents waited .	non-entailment
The lawyer next to the president saw the doctors .	The president saw the doctors .	non-entailment
The doctor near the professor advised the artist .	The professor advised the artist .	non-entailment
The author next to the artist ran .	The artist ran .	non-entailment
The professor near the scientists mentioned the bankers .	The scientists mentioned the bankers .	non-entailment
The bankers near the student introduced the tourist .	The student introduced the tourist .	non-entailment
The student in front of the presidents recognized the authors .	The presidents recognized the authors .	non-entailment
The scientists behind the bankers helped the professor .	The bankers helped the professor .	non-entailment
The president near the senators recognized the actor .	The senators recognized the actor .	non-entailment
The author near the presidents believed the tourist .	The presidents believed the tourist .	non-entailment
The professors next to the senators admired the authors .	The senators admired the authors .	non-entailment
The doctors next to the presidents resigned .	The presidents resigned .	non-entailment
The tourist by the professor danced .	The professor danced .	non-entailment
The tourist next to the athletes advised the professor .	The athletes advised the professor .	non-entailment
The student by the secretary danced .	The secretary danced .	non-entailment
The professors by the managers believed the athletes .	The managers believed the athletes .	non-entailment
The lawyers in front of the managers waited .	The managers waited .	non-entailment
The artists near the senators shouted .	The senators shouted .	non-entailment
The athlete in front of the author admired the professor .	The author admired the professor .	non-entailment
The athletes by the senators ran .	The senators ran .	non-entailment
The lawyer by the actors contacted the president .	The actors contacted the president .	non-entailment
The authors by the judges encouraged the senator .	The judges encouraged the senator .	non-entailment
The athlete behind the authors slept .	The authors slept .	non-entailment
The lawyers behind the secretary stopped the senators .	The secretary stopped the senators .	non-entailment
The managers near the doctor advised the tourists .	The doctor advised the tourists .	non-entailment
The doctor by the senator avoided the actors .	The senator avoided the actors .	non-entailment
The managers next to the author resigned .	The author resigned .	non-entailment
The secretaries next to the managers contacted the lawyers .	The managers contacted the lawyers .	non-entailment
The managers behind the actor admired the lawyers .	The actor admired the lawyers .	non-entailment
The professor next to the doctor saw the president .	The doctor saw the president .	non-entailment
The managers behind the bankers helped the artist .	The bankers helped the artist .	non-entailment
The lawyer next to the managers advised the artist .	The managers advised the artist .	non-entailment
The artist behind the author slept .	The author slept .	non-entailment
The authors behind the doctor resigned .	The doctor resigned .	non-entailment
The secretaries by the professors stopped the authors .	The professors stopped the authors .	non-entailment
The students behind the managers admired the judge .	The managers admired the judge .	non-entailment
The athletes in front of the professor avoided the president .	The professor avoided the president .	non-entailment
The secretaries behind the presidents helped the banker .	The presidents helped the banker .	non-entailment
The scientists next to the manager stopped the athletes .	The manager stopped the athletes .	non-entailment
The student in front of the scientists resigned .	The scientists resigned .	non-entailment
The tourists by the presidents thanked the scientist .	The presidents thanked the scientist .	non-entailment
The actors near the authors thanked the managers .	The authors thanked the managers .	non-entailment
The athletes next to the senator thanked the banker .	The senator thanked the banker .	non-entailment
The professors next to the judges shouted .	The judges shouted .	non-entailment
The tourists behind the professors contacted the student .	The professors contacted the student .	non-entailment
The tourist in front of the banker thanked the athletes .	The banker thanked the athletes .	non-entailment
The senator in front of the scientist ran .	The scientist ran .	non-entailment
The student near the professors advised the secretary .	The professors advised the secretary .	non-entailment
The presidents by the professor encouraged the judges .	The professor encouraged the judges .	non-entailment
The athletes near the authors helped the doctors .	The authors helped the doctors .	non-entailment
The secretary behind the senator mentioned the lawyer .	The senator mentioned the lawyer .	non-entailment
The tourist near the actor avoided the senators .	The actor avoided the senators .	non-entailment
The senators next to the author helped the scientists .	The author helped the scientists .	non-entailment
The banker by the doctor recommended the artists .	The doctor recommended the artists .	non-entailment
The athletes by the manager believed the artists .	The manager believed the artists .	non-entailment
The athletes behind the artist recognized the presidents .	The artist recognized the presidents .	non-entailment
The scientist near the tourist advised the judges .	The tourist advised the judges .	non-entailment
The professors near the judges encouraged the bankers .	The judges encouraged the bankers .	non-entailment
The banker behind the students shouted .	The students shouted .	non-entailment
The artists in front of the professors shouted .	The professors shouted .	non-entailment
The managers near the student admired the presidents .	The student admired the presidents .	non-entailment
The actor near the presidents contacted the authors .	The presidents contacted the authors .	non-entailment
The judge next to the artists saw the banker .	The artists saw the banker .	non-entailment
The manager by the tourist admired the athletes .	The tourist admired the athletes .	non-entailment
The manager behind the professor recommended the bankers .	The professor recommended the bankers .	non-entailment
The presidents by the artists admired the judges .	The artists admired the judges .	non-entailment
The scientist next to the athletes stopped the author .	The athletes stopped the author .	non-entailment
The scientist behind the students resigned .	The students resigned .	non-entailment
The presidents by the tourist helped the bankers .	The tourist helped the bankers .	non-entailment
The tourist by the secretaries avoided the scientist .	The secretaries avoided the scientist .	non-entailment
The student by the author resigned .	The author resigned .	non-entailment
The scientists near the actors thanked the judges .	The actors thanked the judges .	non-entailment
The doctors in front of the senators called the lawyers .	The senators called the lawyers .	non-entailment
The judges in front of the scientist stopped the secretary .	The scientist stopped the secretary .	non-entailment
The authors next to the judges slept .	The judges slept .	non-entailment
The senator in front of the bankers resigned .	The bankers resigned .	non-entailment
The professors in front of the scientist admired the doctors .	The scientist admired the doctors .	non-entailment
The tourist near the bankers admired the professor .	The bankers admired the professor .	non-entailment
The bankers in front of the scientists contacted the author .	The scientists contacted the author .	non-entailment
The managers by the senator introduced the tourists .	The senator introduced the tourists .	non-entailment
The presidents in front of the tourist advised the secretaries .	The tourist advised the secretaries .	non-entailment
The professor behind the doctors stopped the authors .	The doctors stopped the authors .	non-entailment
The students next to the tourist admired the artists .	The tourist admired the artists .	non-entailment
The student by the secretary stopped the actor .	The secretary stopped the actor .	non-entailment
The tourist near the senators stopped the manager .	The senators stopped the manager .	non-entailment
The author in front of the banker admired the student .	The banker admired the student .	non-entailment
The doctor near the presidents mentioned the tourist .	The presidents mentioned the tourist .	non-entailment
The presidents near the actors contacted the banker .	The actors contacted the banker .	non-entailment
The managers behind the student believed the scientists .	The student believed the scientists .	non-entailment
The students by the actors admired the athletes .	The actors admired the athletes .	non-entailment
The professors near the doctor contacted the actors .	The doctor contacted the actors .	non-entailment
The managers in front of the student mentioned the authors .	The student mentioned the authors .	non-entailment
The athlete in front of the senator admired the doctors .	The senator admired the doctors .	non-entailment
The bankers next to the tourists called the artist .	The tourists called the artist .	non-entailment
The doctor in front of the presidents supported the authors .	The presidents supported the authors .	non-entailment
The tourists in front of the student introduced the presidents .	The student introduced the presidents .	non-entailment
The athletes in front of the actors believed the lawyer .	The actors believed the lawyer .	non-entailment
The athletes in front of the scientists introduced the artist .	The scientists introduced the artist .	non-entailment
The secretaries in front of the tourists admired the students .	The tourists admired the students .	non-entailment
The secretaries by the judges helped the professors .	The judges helped the professors .	non-entailment
The doctor next to the actors danced .	The actors danced .	non-entailment
The banker near the president performed .	The president performed .	non-entailment
The judge next to the professor recognized the senators .	The professor recognized the senators .	non-entailment
The doctor by the author avoided the presidents .	The author avoided the presidents .	non-entailment
The manager by the scientist arrived .	The scientist arrived .	non-entailment
The bankers in front of the doctor arrived .	The doctor arrived .	non-entailment
The presidents by the authors stopped the senators .	The authors stopped the senators .	non-entailment
The athlete behind the doctor danced .	The doctor danced .	non-entailment
The lawyers near the professors avoided the artist .	The professors avoided the artist .	non-entailment
The author behind the manager saw the professor .	The manager saw the professor .	non-entailment
The senator behind the actor recommended the student .	The actor recommended the student .	non-entailment
The athlete next to the artist performed .	The artist performed .	non-entailment
The senator next to the actor ran .	The actor ran .	non-entailment
The actor in front of the scientist ran .	The scientist ran .	non-entailment
The student behind the managers avoided the secretaries .	The managers avoided the secretaries .	non-entailment
The secretaries behind the author mentioned the lawyer .	The author mentioned the lawyer .	non-entailment
The artist next to the professors saw the lawyers .	The professors saw the lawyers .	non-entailment
The senators next to the secretary shouted .	The secretary shouted .	non-entailment
The artist by the scientist helped the athletes .	The scientist helped the athletes .	non-entailment
The authors behind the president mentioned the artists .	The president mentioned the artists .	non-entailment
The artist in front of the athlete helped the manager .	The athlete helped the manager .	non-entailment
The authors next to the lawyers thanked the tourists .	The lawyers thanked the tourists .	non-entailment
The actors behind the author shouted .	The author shouted .	non-entailment
The doctors behind the managers thanked the banker .	The managers thanked the banker .	non-entailment
The senators next to the artist shouted .	The artist shouted .	non-entailment
The banker behind the lawyers admired the presidents .	The lawyers admired the presidents .	non-entailment
The judges near the lawyers shouted .	The lawyers shouted .	non-entailment
The author in front of the managers recognized the professor .	The managers recognized the professor .	non-entailment
The students in front of the athletes contacted the banker .	The athletes contacted the banker .	non-entailment
The judge near the tourist avoided the president .	The tourist avoided the president .	non-entailment
The doctor near the managers performed .	The managers performed .	non-entailment
The athlete next to the president believed the students .	The president believed the students .	non-entailment
The scientist in front of the manager supported the senators .	The manager supported the senators .	non-entailment
The bankers by the doctors recommended the tourist .	The doctors recommended the tourist .	non-entailment
The president next to the professor helped the student .	The professor helped the student .	non-entailment
The scientists behind the manager admired the senator .	The manager admired the senator .	non-entailment
The doctors by the scientist believed the athletes .	The scientist believed the athletes .	non-entailment
The doctors in front of the managers supported the authors .	The managers supported the authors .	non-entailment
The senator next to the secretaries resigned .	The secretaries resigned .	non-entailment
The tourists by the artist danced .	The artist danced .	non-entailment
The lawyers by the managers encouraged the secretaries .	The managers encouraged the secretaries .	non-entailment
The judges by the lawyers thanked the student .	The lawyers thanked the student .	non-entailment
The authors in front of the bankers danced .	The bankers danced .	non-entailment
The students next to the lawyer stopped the doctors .	The lawyer stopped the doctors .	non-entailment
The banker behind the senators advised the athlete .	The senators advised the athlete .	non-entailment
The student next to the author introduced the professors .	The author introduced the professors .	non-entailment
The doctor near the scientist believed the author .	The scientist believed the author .	non-entailment
The banker next to the artists waited .	The artists waited .	non-entailment
The judges near the bankers contacted the student .	The bankers contacted the student .	non-entailment
The banker next to the professors waited .	The professors waited .	non-entailment
The doctor next to the managers helped the senators .	The managers helped the senators .	non-entailment
The judges next to the athletes performed .	The athletes performed .	non-entailment
The banker near the secretary avoided the presidents .	The secretary avoided the presidents .	non-entailment
The actor next to the secretaries thanked the presidents .	The secretaries thanked the presidents .	non-entailment
The student behind the president believed the authors .	The president believed the authors .	non-entailment
The actors in front of the scientists arrived .	The scientists arrived .	non-entailment
The judge in front of the presidents helped the banker .	The presidents helped the banker .	non-entailment
The president next to the students stopped the scientists .	The students stopped the scientists .	non-entailment
The manager behind the judge recognized the tourists .	The judge recognized the tourists .	non-entailment
The managers next to the student stopped the scientist .	The student stopped the scientist .	non-entailment
The athletes by the senator encouraged the secretaries .	The senator encouraged the secretaries .	non-entailment
The students in front of the actors admired the lawyer .	The actors admired the lawyer .	non-entailment
The athletes in front of the managers contacted the presidents .	The managers contacted the presidents .	non-entailment
The manager near the tourists introduced the professor .	The tourists introduced the professor .	non-entailment
The artists next to the author performed .	The author performed .	non-entailment
The scientist in front of the artist stopped the banker .	The artist stopped the banker .	non-entailment
The doctor next to the scientists shouted .	The scientists shouted .	non-entailment
The tourist in front of the students encouraged the scientists .	The students encouraged the scientists .	non-entailment
The artist in front of the authors believed the doctor .	The authors believed the doctor .	non-entailment
The doctors near the scientists danced .	The scientists danced .	non-entailment
The tourists by the senators avoided the lawyer .	The senators avoided the lawyer .	non-entailment
The doctors near the tourist avoided the actor .	The tourist avoided the actor .	non-entailment
The banker next to the judges recognized the senators .	The judges recognized the senators .	non-entailment
The senators next to the manager saw the students .	The manager saw the students .	non-entailment
The doctors behind the banker resigned .	The banker resigned .	non-entailment
The judge near the secretaries slept .	The secretaries slept .	non-entailment
The tourist by the doctor believed the athlete .	The doctor believed the athlete .	non-entailment
The author by the manager introduced the judge .	The manager introduced the judge .	non-entailment
The actor near the student advised the professors .	The student advised the professors .	non-entailment
The lawyers by the senator danced .	The senator danced .	non-entailment
The judges in front of the doctors recognized the authors .	The doctors recognized the authors .	non-entailment
The professor behind the secretaries stopped the athletes .	The secretaries stopped the athletes .	non-entailment
The president behind the artists avoided the lawyer .	The artists avoided the lawyer .	non-entailment
The doctors behind the judges slept .	The judges slept .	non-entailment
The student next to the doctors supported the tourists .	The doctors supported the tourists .	non-entailment
The scientists in front of the senators danced .	The senators danced .	non-entailment
The secretary in front of the athletes saw the tourist .	The athletes saw the tourist .	non-entailment
The tourist next to the secretaries resigned .	The secretaries resigned .	non-entailment
The athlete by the actors resigned .	The actors resigned .	non-entailment
The senators near the artists introduced the doctor .	The artists introduced the doctor .	non-entailment
The tourists behind the actor slept .	The actor slept .	non-entailment
The athlete next to the president introduced the tourist .	The president introduced the tourist .	non-entailment
The lawyer near the tourist performed .	The tourist performed .	non-entailment
The author behind the scientists slept .	The scientists slept .	non-entailment
The banker near the artists performed .	The artists performed .	non-entailment
The athletes near the secretary stopped the senators .	The secretary stopped the senators .	non-entailment
The senator behind the presidents waited .	The presidents waited .	non-entailment
The lawyers next to the athletes slept .	The athletes slept .	non-entailment
The judges near the doctor mentioned the presidents .	The doctor mentioned the presidents .	non-entailment
The athletes in front of the lawyer advised the senators .	The lawyer advised the senators .	non-entailment
The actor by the bankers supported the students .	The bankers supported the students .	non-entailment
The students behind the senator saw the athlete .	The senator saw the athlete .	non-entailment
The managers near the senator performed .	The senator performed .	non-entailment
The authors in front of the lawyers arrived .	The lawyers arrived .	non-entailment
The manager next to the president avoided the authors .	The president avoided the authors .	non-entailment
The managers in front of the actor admired the tourist .	The actor admired the tourist .	non-entailment
The banker next to the presidents avoided the tourist .	The presidents avoided the tourist .	non-entailment
The artists near the student ran .	The student ran .	non-entailment
The authors in front of the tourists waited .	The tourists waited .	non-entailment
The bankers near the managers performed .	The managers performed .	non-entailment
The secretary by the scientist arrived .	The scientist arrived .	non-entailment
The judge next to the doctors shouted .	The doctors shouted .	non-entailment
The senator by the tourist called the authors .	The tourist called the authors .	non-entailment
The artists near the president recommended the student .	The president recommended the student .	non-entailment
The author by the doctor helped the athletes .	The doctor helped the athletes .	non-entailment
The scientist next to the athletes helped the secretary .	The athletes helped the secretary .	non-entailment
The lawyers next to the banker recognized the professor .	The banker recognized the professor .	non-entailment
The artist next to the scientists stopped the students .	The scientists stopped the students .	non-entailment
The scientist in front of the banker ran .	The banker ran .	non-entailment
The scientist by the president encouraged the professor .	The president encouraged the professor .	non-entailment
The professors in front of the student avoided the doctor .	The student avoided the doctor .	non-entailment
The lawyers in front of the students encouraged the bankers .	The students encouraged the bankers .	non-entailment
The judges next to the actors ran .	The actors ran .	non-entailment
The secretaries near the actor stopped the president .	The actor stopped the president .	non-entailment
The presidents by the professor introduced the secretaries .	The professor introduced the secretaries .	non-entailment
The president in front of the lawyers contacted the senator .	The lawyers contacted the senator .	non-entailment
The students in front of the actor admired the tourist .	The actor admired the tourist .	non-entailment
The secretary near the manager contacted the author .	The manager contacted the author .	non-entailment
The professor behind the secretary shouted .	The secretary shouted .	non-entailment
The tourist behind the athlete called the author .	The athlete called the author .	non-entailment
The lawyers behind the athletes called the students .	The athletes called the students .	non-entailment
The manager behind the actors called the tourists .	The actors called the tourists .	non-entailment
The tourist by the actors stopped the senator .	The actors stopped the senator .	non-entailment
The presidents behind the athlete believed the scientists .	The athlete believed the scientists .	non-entailment
The tourists by the actor arrived .	The actor arrived .	non-entailment
The scientist near the judges stopped the bankers .	The judges stopped the bankers .	non-entailment
The artist behind the actors shouted .	The actors shouted .	non-entailment
The authors in front of the student slept .	The student slept .	non-entailment
The authors in front of the tourist mentioned the actors .	The tourist mentioned the actors .	non-entailment
The author next to the actor helped the senators .	The actor helped the senators .	non-entailment
The doctor next to the managers supported the professors .	The managers supported the professors .	non-entailment
The secretary next to the professor ran .	The professor ran .	non-entailment
The students next to the doctors waited .	The doctors waited .	non-entailment
The professor next to the bankers performed .	The bankers performed .	non-entailment
The secretaries in front of the scientist advised the tourist .	The scientist advised the tourist .	non-entailment
The doctor next to the actor thanked the manager .	The actor thanked the manager .	non-entailment
The scientists next to the lawyer shouted .	The lawyer shouted .	non-entailment
The presidents in front of the manager thanked the tourist .	The manager thanked the tourist .	non-entailment
The scientists in front of the student recognized the manager .	The student recognized the manager .	non-entailment
The author near the senator performed .	The senator performed .	non-entailment
The banker in front of the lawyers recognized the tourists .	The lawyers recognized the tourists .	non-entailment
The banker behind the lawyer called the artists .	The lawyer called the artists .	non-entailment
The professors by the lawyers helped the tourists .	The lawyers helped the tourists .	non-entailment
The actor behind the manager shouted .	The manager shouted .	non-entailment
The scientist in front of the actor helped the professors .	The actor helped the professors .	non-entailment
The lawyer next to the doctor arrived .	The doctor arrived .	non-entailment
The actors near the doctors danced .	The doctors danced .	non-entailment
The professors in front of the tourist waited .	The tourist waited .	non-entailment
The secretaries by the senators recommended the banker .	The senators recommended the banker .	non-entailment
The doctor by the secretaries performed .	The secretaries performed .	non-entailment
The managers near the artists shouted .	The artists shouted .	non-entailment
The bankers in front of the professors avoided the senators .	The professors avoided the senators .	non-entailment
The artists by the bankers contacted the presidents .	The bankers contacted the presidents .	non-entailment
The judges near the professors avoided the manager .	The professors avoided the manager .	non-entailment
The senator by the doctors contacted the professors .	The doctors contacted the professors .	non-entailment
The professor behind the presidents performed .	The presidents performed .	non-entailment
The secretaries behind the judges resigned .	The judges resigned .	non-entailment
The lawyers by the banker performed .	The banker performed .	non-entailment
The professor behind the scientists waited .	The scientists waited .	non-entailment
The manager behind the senator performed .	The senator performed .	non-entailment
The secretary in front of the artists resigned .	The artists resigned .	non-entailment
The judges next to the students introduced the senator .	The students introduced the senator .	non-entailment
The judges behind the student helped the artists .	The student helped the artists .	non-entailment
The senator near the doctors stopped the professors .	The doctors stopped the professors .	non-entailment
The artists in front of the tourists helped the student .	The tourists helped the student .	non-entailment
The athlete behind the judges slept .	The judges slept .	non-entailment
The judge next to the bankers mentioned the secretaries .	The bankers mentioned the secretaries .	non-entailment
The banker by the professor believed the authors .	The professor believed the authors .	non-entailment
The actors in front of the authors resigned .	The authors resigned .	non-entailment
The scientists in front of the judges waited .	The judges waited .	non-entailment
The artist behind the scientist shouted .	The scientist shouted .	non-entailment
The managers by the tourist helped the judge .	The tourist helped the judge .	non-entailment
The bankers near the artists supported the authors .	The artists supported the authors .	non-entailment
The judges near the artist danced .	The artist danced .	non-entailment
The scientist near the secretaries helped the artist .	The secretaries helped the artist .	non-entailment
The judge behind the authors contacted the student .	The authors contacted the student .	non-entailment
The professor behind the tourists performed .	The tourists performed .	non-entailment
The judge by the manager performed .	The manager performed .	non-entailment
The athletes by the actors introduced the scientists .	The actors introduced the scientists .	non-entailment
The lawyer next to the doctor recognized the manager .	The doctor recognized the manager .	non-entailment
The tourists next to the judge advised the lawyer .	The judge advised the lawyer .	non-entailment
The doctor by the student resigned .	The student resigned .	non-entailment
The judges near the senator supported the professor .	The senator supported the professor .	non-entailment
The managers in front of the lawyers admired the actor .	The lawyers admired the actor .	non-entailment
The professors next to the secretary waited .	The secretary waited .	non-entailment
The authors next to the judge called the president .	The judge called the president .	non-entailment
The managers by the secretary slept .	The secretary slept .	non-entailment
The presidents next to the bankers supported the student .	The bankers supported the student .	non-entailment
The artists near the scientist recognized the bankers .	The scientist recognized the bankers .	non-entailment
The tourists behind the senators admired the artist .	The senators admired the artist .	non-entailment
The scientists by the authors danced .	The authors danced .	non-entailment
The managers next to the actor called the student .	The actor called the student .	non-entailment
The scientist by the student shouted .	The student shouted .	non-entailment
The presidents behind the senators contacted the lawyers .	The senators contacted the lawyers .	non-entailment
The lawyers next to the tourists advised the senator .	The tourists advised the senator .	non-entailment
The judges near the athletes recommended the doctors .	The athletes recommended the doctors .	non-entailment
The president by the lawyer danced .	The lawyer danced .	non-entailment
The artist next to the senators arrived .	The senators arrived .	non-entailment
The scientist by the judge supported the actor .	The judge supported the actor .	non-entailment
The actors next to the artist introduced the senator .	The artist introduced the senator .	non-entailment
The students next to the artists slept .	The artists slept .	non-entailment
The secretary by the senators supported the actor .	The senators supported the actor .	non-entailment
The students next to the professor danced .	The professor danced .	non-entailment
The judge next to the senators thanked the doctor .	The senators thanked the doctor .	non-entailment
The secretaries near the authors helped the president .	The authors helped the president .	non-entailment
The artists by the doctor waited .	The doctor waited .	non-entailment
The presidents in front of the senator mentioned the doctors .	The senator mentioned the doctors .	non-entailment
The student in front of the managers mentioned the judge .	The managers mentioned the judge .	non-entailment
The secretary behind the lawyer encouraged the banker .	The lawyer encouraged the banker .	non-entailment
The bankers by the doctors recognized the secretaries .	The doctors recognized the secretaries .	non-entailment
The senators in front of the president believed the secretaries .	The president believed the secretaries .	non-entailment
The tourist next to the secretaries waited .	The secretaries waited .	non-entailment
The secretaries by the author performed .	The author performed .	non-entailment
The secretary in front of the professor shouted .	The professor shouted .	non-entailment
The managers behind the secretaries admired the athletes .	The secretaries admired the athletes .	non-entailment
The professors in front of the doctors saw the actor .	The doctors saw the actor .	non-entailment
The scientist next to the judges called the tourist .	The judges called the tourist .	non-entailment
The athlete in front of the author slept .	The author slept .	non-entailment
The senators near the managers shouted .	The managers shouted .	non-entailment
The actors by the professor avoided the authors .	The professor avoided the authors .	non-entailment
The senators in front of the lawyer helped the presidents .	The lawyer helped the presidents .	non-entailment
The student near the professor saw the doctor .	The professor saw the doctor .	non-entailment
The doctor by the president encouraged the actors .	The president encouraged the actors .	non-entailment
The author in front of the scientist stopped the lawyer .	The scientist stopped the lawyer .	non-entailment
The judge by the secretaries waited .	The secretaries waited .	non-entailment
The students in front of the doctors performed .	The doctors performed .	non-entailment
The authors near the actor slept .	The actor slept .	non-entailment
The judges in front of the actor recognized the managers .	The actor recognized the managers .	non-entailment
The secretaries near the students recommended the author .	The students recommended the author .	non-entailment
The judges in front of the professor called the lawyer .	The professor called the lawyer .	non-entailment
The scientists near the doctors shouted .	The doctors shouted .	non-entailment
The actor near the managers admired the senator .	The managers admired the senator .	non-entailment
The banker next to the artist introduced the scientists .	The artist introduced the scientists .	non-entailment
The actor next to the professor called the lawyer .	The professor called the lawyer .	non-entailment
The senators by the artists waited .	The artists waited .	non-entailment
The judges near the lawyers saw the author .	The lawyers saw the author .	non-entailment
The tourist in front of the artists encouraged the actors .	The artists encouraged the actors .	non-entailment
The authors near the scientist saw the secretaries .	The scientist saw the secretaries .	non-entailment
The doctors by the scientist performed .	The scientist performed .	non-entailment
The senators near the tourists arrived .	The tourists arrived .	non-entailment
The senator behind the bankers mentioned the actor .	The bankers mentioned the actor .	non-entailment
The presidents behind the actors mentioned the artist .	The actors mentioned the artist .	non-entailment
The bankers next to the tourist mentioned the secretaries .	The tourist mentioned the secretaries .	non-entailment
The secretary in front of the actors slept .	The actors slept .	non-entailment
The professors by the presidents supported the doctor .	The presidents supported the doctor .	non-entailment
The scientists behind the actors performed .	The actors performed .	non-entailment
The tourists near the author stopped the managers .	The author stopped the managers .	non-entailment
The actors in front of the banker helped the author .	The banker helped the author .	non-entailment
The senator in front of the authors supported the artists .	The authors supported the artists .	non-entailment
The students next to the tourists recommended the athlete .	The tourists recommended the athlete .	non-entailment
The artists next to the tourist encouraged the doctor .	The tourist encouraged the doctor .	non-entailment
The authors near the judges advised the tourists .	The judges advised the tourists .	non-entailment
The president behind the lawyers avoided the author .	The lawyers avoided the author .	non-entailment
The lawyer next to the judge supported the professors .	The judge supported the professors .	non-entailment
The authors in front of the senators avoided the students .	The senators avoided the students .	non-entailment
The students by the professors performed .	The professors performed .	non-entailment
The lawyers by the actors supported the banker .	The actors supported the banker .	non-entailment
The scientist next to the professors danced .	The professors danced .	non-entailment
The athletes by the professors believed the manager .	The professors believed the manager .	non-entailment
The professor behind the doctor called the secretary .	The doctor called the secretary .	non-entailment
The scientists near the student contacted the professors .	The student contacted the professors .	non-entailment
The managers next to the artists mentioned the banker .	The artists mentioned the banker .	non-entailment
The professor in front of the senator saw the judges .	The senator saw the judges .	non-entailment
The artists by the senator recognized the actors .	The senator recognized the actors .	non-entailment
The authors near the banker helped the artist .	The banker helped the artist .	non-entailment
The bankers near the athletes resigned .	The athletes resigned .	non-entailment
The authors next to the scientists called the artists .	The scientists called the artists .	non-entailment
The manager behind the artist recognized the authors .	The artist recognized the authors .	non-entailment
The manager behind the doctors shouted .	The doctors shouted .	non-entailment
The senator in front of the students saw the athlete .	The students saw the athlete .	non-entailment
The doctor behind the authors admired the student .	The authors admired the student .	non-entailment
The professors behind the secretary encouraged the artists .	The secretary encouraged the artists .	non-entailment
The artist next to the doctor stopped the lawyer .	The doctor stopped the lawyer .	non-entailment
The doctor in front of the senators advised the managers .	The senators advised the managers .	non-entailment
The judge by the student admired the senator .	The student admired the senator .	non-entailment
The managers behind the judge thanked the secretaries .	The judge thanked the secretaries .	non-entailment
The actors near the presidents performed .	The presidents performed .	non-entailment
The managers by the senators encouraged the author .	The senators encouraged the author .	non-entailment
The authors by the scientist stopped the president .	The scientist stopped the president .	non-entailment
The judges behind the scientist shouted .	The scientist shouted .	non-entailment
The bankers behind the scientist contacted the senator .	The scientist contacted the senator .	non-entailment
The athlete behind the author contacted the artists .	The author contacted the artists .	non-entailment
The senator by the bankers ran .	The bankers ran .	non-entailment
The lawyer by the tourist stopped the banker .	The tourist stopped the banker .	non-entailment
The actors behind the professors recommended the doctors .	The professors recommended the doctors .	non-entailment
The tourist near the author introduced the secretary .	The author introduced the secretary .	non-entailment
The tourist near the students mentioned the artist .	The students mentioned the artist .	non-entailment
The artists next to the senators waited .	The senators waited .	non-entailment
The senators next to the artists shouted .	The artists shouted .	non-entailment
The president behind the artists called the banker .	The artists called the banker .	non-entailment
The students by the president shouted .	The president shouted .	non-entailment
The artist behind the judges recommended the lawyer .	The judges recommended the lawyer .	non-entailment
The student behind the secretaries encouraged the professor .	The secretaries encouraged the professor .	non-entailment
The bankers behind the tourist resigned .	The tourist resigned .	non-entailment
The judge in front of the actor advised the author .	The actor advised the author .	non-entailment
The tourist next to the author believed the athlete .	The author believed the athlete .	non-entailment
The senator next to the students ran .	The students ran .	non-entailment
The bankers behind the president contacted the managers .	The president contacted the managers .	non-entailment
The athletes near the artists resigned .	The artists resigned .	non-entailment
The tourists by the judges admired the actors .	The judges admired the actors .	non-entailment
The senator behind the presidents resigned .	The presidents resigned .	non-entailment
The judge near the student mentioned the artist .	The student mentioned the artist .	non-entailment
The lawyer in front of the authors mentioned the tourist .	The authors mentioned the tourist .	non-entailment
The tourist by the senator helped the professor .	The senator helped the professor .	non-entailment
The scientist behind the lawyer mentioned the president .	The lawyer mentioned the president .	non-entailment
The senators next to the students slept .	The students slept .	non-entailment
The senators near the bankers slept .	The bankers slept .	non-entailment
The student in front of the manager slept .	The manager slept .	non-entailment
The doctor near the athlete avoided the lawyer .	The athlete avoided the lawyer .	non-entailment
The lawyers next to the doctor mentioned the scientist .	The doctor mentioned the scientist .	non-entailment
The actors near the tourists contacted the athlete .	The tourists contacted the athlete .	non-entailment
The judges behind the artist slept .	The artist slept .	non-entailment
The managers in front of the athletes admired the banker .	The athletes admired the banker .	non-entailment
The authors near the secretaries slept .	The secretaries slept .	non-entailment
The manager next to the professors introduced the lawyer .	The professors introduced the lawyer .	non-entailment
The student behind the senators waited .	The senators waited .	non-entailment
The senators in front of the managers waited .	The managers waited .	non-entailment
The athlete behind the tourists avoided the scientists .	The tourists avoided the scientists .	non-entailment
The banker next to the judges shouted .	The judges shouted .	non-entailment
The president next to the tourists advised the professor .	The tourists advised the professor .	non-entailment
The artists next to the president stopped the scientists .	The president stopped the scientists .	non-entailment
The athlete next to the lawyer slept .	The lawyer slept .	non-entailment
The presidents in front of the athletes recommended the artist .	The athletes recommended the artist .	non-entailment
The manager near the doctor supported the senator .	The doctor supported the senator .	non-entailment
The athletes near the tourists waited .	The tourists waited .	non-entailment
The student by the actor supported the professors .	The actor supported the professors .	non-entailment
The presidents behind the senator waited .	The senator waited .	non-entailment
The author next to the presidents believed the artists .	The presidents believed the artists .	non-entailment
The professor next to the judges mentioned the authors .	The judges mentioned the authors .	non-entailment
The lawyers by the actor supported the athletes .	The actor supported the athletes .	non-entailment
The artist near the secretaries introduced the actors .	The secretaries introduced the actors .	non-entailment
The president in front of the authors advised the actors .	The authors advised the actors .	non-entailment
The actor in front of the athlete believed the secretary .	The athlete believed the secretary .	non-entailment
The tourist next to the student resigned .	The student resigned .	non-entailment
The actors in front of the banker admired the artist .	The banker admired the artist .	non-entailment
The athletes in front of the judge encouraged the student .	The judge encouraged the student .	non-entailment
The doctors by the athlete performed .	The athlete performed .	non-entailment
The athlete near the scientist waited .	The scientist waited .	non-entailment
The scientist behind the presidents ran .	The presidents ran .	non-entailment
The athlete next to the scientist believed the lawyer .	The scientist believed the lawyer .	non-entailment
The secretaries in front of the manager encouraged the tourist .	The manager encouraged the tourist .	non-entailment
The authors next to the bankers resigned .	The bankers resigned .	non-entailment
The artist next to the tourists avoided the secretaries .	The tourists avoided the secretaries .	non-entailment
The presidents by the judge believed the scientists .	The judge believed the scientists .	non-entailment
The professor next to the athlete slept .	The athlete slept .	non-entailment
The actors by the secretary shouted .	The secretary shouted .	non-entailment
The doctor next to the athletes recognized the judge .	The athletes recognized the judge .	non-entailment
The presidents behind the manager waited .	The manager waited .	non-entailment
The artist behind the lawyers mentioned the secretary .	The lawyers mentioned the secretary .	non-entailment
The professor near the actor waited .	The actor waited .	non-entailment
The scientist in front of the authors stopped the professor .	The authors stopped the professor .	non-entailment
The lawyer near the artist danced .	The artist danced .	non-entailment
The authors in front of the judges arrived .	The judges arrived .	non-entailment
The bankers in front of the presidents recommended the doctors .	The presidents recommended the doctors .	non-entailment
The president in front of the judges supported the professor .	The judges supported the professor .	non-entailment
The banker behind the presidents resigned .	The presidents resigned .	non-entailment
The student next to the professors helped the managers .	The professors helped the managers .	non-entailment
The authors behind the managers encouraged the lawyers .	The managers encouraged the lawyers .	non-entailment
The secretary by the lawyers arrived .	The lawyers arrived .	non-entailment
The actor by the authors advised the presidents .	The authors advised the presidents .	non-entailment
The senator by the lawyers introduced the athletes .	The lawyers introduced the athletes .	non-entailment
The doctors near the managers ran .	The managers ran .	non-entailment
The student by the author recommended the judges .	The author recommended the judges .	non-entailment
The actors near the lawyers helped the doctors .	The lawyers helped the doctors .	non-entailment
The bankers near the doctors resigned .	The doctors resigned .	non-entailment
The senators near the athlete ran .	The athlete ran .	non-entailment
The senator next to the actors recommended the tourists .	The actors recommended the tourists .	non-entailment
The president near the athlete recommended the scientists .	The athlete recommended the scientists .	non-entailment
The scientist behind the student helped the judges .	The student helped the judges .	non-entailment
The president behind the judge waited .	The judge waited .	non-entailment
The tourist behind the professor recommended the managers .	The professor recommended the managers .	non-entailment
The bankers by the manager saw the senator .	The manager saw the senator .	non-entailment
The senators near the students encouraged the professors .	The students encouraged the professors .	non-entailment
The tourist behind the students believed the senators .	The students believed the senators .	non-entailment
The scientist next to the actor stopped the judge .	The actor stopped the judge .	non-entailment
The tourists near the presidents ran .	The presidents ran .	non-entailment
The athlete next to the managers waited .	The managers waited .	non-entailment
The secretaries by the students mentioned the actors .	The students mentioned the actors .	non-entailment
The secretaries next to the lawyers resigned .	The lawyers resigned .	non-entailment
The secretaries in front of the author encouraged the banker .	The author encouraged the banker .	non-entailment
The secretary by the senator mentioned the doctors .	The senator mentioned the doctors .	non-entailment
The artists in front of the president helped the secretary .	The president helped the secretary .	non-entailment
The authors behind the tourist introduced the manager .	The tourist introduced the manager .	non-entailment
The scientist by the senators recommended the judges .	The senators recommended the judges .	non-entailment
The judge next to the athlete believed the author .	The athlete believed the author .	non-entailment
The professors in front of the artists waited .	The artists waited .	non-entailment
The authors near the tourist advised the president .	The tourist advised the president .	non-entailment
The actor by the presidents performed .	The presidents performed .	non-entailment
The scientists in front of the actor recommended the artists .	The actor recommended the artists .	non-entailment
The manager behind the secretaries recommended the professor .	The secretaries recommended the professor .	non-entailment
The lawyers in front of the athlete performed .	The athlete performed .	non-entailment
The lawyer near the artists introduced the manager .	The artists introduced the manager .	non-entailment
The scientist by the author waited .	The author waited .	non-entailment
The secretary near the author shouted .	The author shouted .	non-entailment
The lawyer near the artist waited .	The artist waited .	non-entailment
The banker next to the doctor contacted the professor .	The doctor contacted the professor .	non-entailment
The secretaries behind the authors recognized the bankers .	The authors recognized the bankers .	non-entailment
The managers near the athletes helped the student .	The athletes helped the student .	non-entailment
The tourist behind the student arrived .	The student arrived .	non-entailment
The actor by the student recommended the secretary .	The student recommended the secretary .	non-entailment
The bankers by the artist recommended the senator .	The artist recommended the senator .	non-entailment
The scientists in front of the banker contacted the artists .	The banker contacted the artists .	non-entailment
The presidents by the student admired the bankers .	The student admired the bankers .	non-entailment
The doctor by the professor saw the judges .	The professor saw the judges .	non-entailment
The actor by the author waited .	The author waited .	non-entailment
The tourist by the athlete danced .	The athlete danced .	non-entailment
The scientist next to the president thanked the doctors .	The president thanked the doctors .	non-entailment
The author by the lawyers slept .	The lawyers slept .	non-entailment
The author near the tourist recognized the bankers .	The tourist recognized the bankers .	non-entailment
The presidents behind the manager danced .	The manager danced .	non-entailment
The judges in front of the actor advised the doctors .	The actor advised the doctors .	non-entailment
The manager by the senator waited .	The senator waited .	non-entailment
The doctor near the student called the actors .	The student called the actors .	non-entailment
The senators behind the lawyers avoided the banker .	The lawyers avoided the banker .	non-entailment
The professor next to the tourists advised the presidents .	The tourists advised the presidents .	non-entailment
The actors behind the manager resigned .	The manager resigned .	non-entailment
The manager in front of the senators recognized the artist .	The senators recognized the artist .	non-entailment
The judge next to the authors avoided the secretary .	The authors avoided the secretary .	non-entailment
The scientist behind the bankers mentioned the judge .	The bankers mentioned the judge .	non-entailment
The doctors by the presidents called the athletes .	The presidents called the athletes .	non-entailment
The authors behind the artists recommended the professor .	The artists recommended the professor .	non-entailment
The actor behind the senator saw the bankers .	The senator saw the bankers .	non-entailment
The secretaries in front of the athlete resigned .	The athlete resigned .	non-entailment
The artists in front of the presidents thanked the actor .	The presidents thanked the actor .	non-entailment
The author next to the student helped the actors .	The student helped the actors .	non-entailment
The bankers near the manager called the secretaries .	The manager called the secretaries .	non-entailment
The doctors by the banker introduced the artist .	The banker introduced the artist .	non-entailment
The professor next to the banker stopped the secretary .	The banker stopped the secretary .	non-entailment
The athlete behind the tourists recognized the senators .	The tourists recognized the senators .	non-entailment
The lawyer by the artist recommended the president .	The artist recommended the president .	non-entailment
The bankers near the doctor saw the athlete .	The doctor saw the athlete .	non-entailment
The tourist in front of the actor recognized the senator .	The actor recognized the senator .	non-entailment
The lawyer near the professors encouraged the tourist .	The professors encouraged the tourist .	non-entailment
The actor behind the tourists shouted .	The tourists shouted .	non-entailment
The professors next to the bankers called the senator .	The bankers called the senator .	non-entailment
The artist by the author slept .	The author slept .	non-entailment
The professor behind the scientists advised the tourist .	The scientists advised the tourist .	non-entailment
The athlete in front of the scientists contacted the secretaries .	The scientists contacted the secretaries .	non-entailment
The athletes behind the banker contacted the actors .	The banker contacted the actors .	non-entailment
The lawyers next to the scientist danced .	The scientist danced .	non-entailment
The managers near the secretary recommended the doctor .	The secretary recommended the doctor .	non-entailment
The lawyer in front of the secretaries mentioned the senators .	The secretaries mentioned the senators .	non-entailment
The senators near the judges introduced the author .	The judges introduced the author .	non-entailment
The managers in front of the actor believed the doctor .	The actor believed the doctor .	non-entailment
The judge in front of the banker thanked the scientist .	The banker thanked the scientist .	non-entailment
The scientist next to the managers contacted the doctor .	The managers contacted the doctor .	non-entailment
The bankers behind the doctor encouraged the artist .	The doctor encouraged the artist .	non-entailment
The presidents in front of the authors resigned .	The authors resigned .	non-entailment
The athlete next to the banker called the judges .	The banker called the judges .	non-entailment
The artist next to the judges shouted .	The judges shouted .	non-entailment
The author behind the president danced .	The president danced .	non-entailment
The professor behind the artists advised the scientists .	The artists advised the scientists .	non-entailment
The secretary next to the lawyer resigned .	The lawyer resigned .	non-entailment
The artist next to the lawyer avoided the secretary .	The lawyer avoided the secretary .	non-entailment
The authors in front of the actors shouted .	The actors shouted .	non-entailment
The tourist behind the judges introduced the managers .	The judges introduced the managers .	non-entailment
The banker by the actors thanked the secretary .	The actors thanked the secretary .	non-entailment
The managers behind the lawyer danced .	The lawyer danced .	non-entailment
The actor by the tourists saw the lawyer .	The tourists saw the lawyer .	non-entailment
The artist near the students waited .	The students waited .	non-entailment
The president in front of the actor introduced the judge .	The actor introduced the judge .	non-entailment
The professors behind the manager mentioned the judge .	The manager mentioned the judge .	non-entailment
The athletes by the scientists advised the author .	The scientists advised the author .	non-entailment
The senators next to the secretary mentioned the actors .	The secretary mentioned the actors .	non-entailment
The doctor behind the secretary avoided the president .	The secretary avoided the president .	non-entailment
The artists behind the author called the president .	The author called the president .	non-entailment
The secretaries in front of the authors shouted .	The authors shouted .	non-entailment
The banker near the actors slept .	The actors slept .	non-entailment
The scientist in front of the doctor believed the actor .	The doctor believed the actor .	non-entailment
The judges by the lawyers recognized the banker .	The lawyers recognized the banker .	non-entailment
The scientist near the bankers introduced the artists .	The bankers introduced the artists .	non-entailment
The students next to the artist danced .	The artist danced .	non-entailment
The presidents by the athlete slept .	The athlete slept .	non-entailment
The students near the manager performed .	The manager performed .	non-entailment
The professors by the actor performed .	The actor performed .	non-entailment
The president by the lawyer encouraged the athlete .	The lawyer encouraged the athlete .	non-entailment
The doctor behind the lawyers encouraged the athlete .	The lawyers encouraged the athlete .	non-entailment
The doctor in front of the secretaries helped the actor .	The secretaries helped the actor .	non-entailment
The bankers behind the secretaries saw the author .	The secretaries saw the author .	non-entailment
The tourists near the senator waited .	The senator waited .	non-entailment
The senators next to the secretary slept .	The secretary slept .	non-entailment
The secretary behind the banker saw the professor .	The banker saw the professor .	non-entailment
The managers in front of the student slept .	The student slept .	non-entailment
The actor next to the lawyer introduced the president .	The lawyer introduced the president .	non-entailment
The professor in front of the judges performed .	The judges performed .	non-entailment
The secretary near the judge waited .	The judge waited .	non-entailment
The lawyer behind the tourist mentioned the judges .	The tourist mentioned the judges .	non-entailment
The managers near the lawyer admired the scientists .	The lawyer admired the scientists .	non-entailment
The actor in front of the senators ran .	The senators ran .	non-entailment
The athlete in front of the professor saw the tourists .	The professor saw the tourists .	non-entailment
The author next to the judges resigned .	The judges resigned .	non-entailment
The senators in front of the secretary supported the scientist .	The secretary supported the scientist .	non-entailment
The judge near the athletes danced .	The athletes danced .	non-entailment
The scientist in front of the athletes advised the secretaries .	The athletes advised the secretaries .	non-entailment
The lawyers next to the authors waited .	The authors waited .	non-entailment
The authors by the athletes slept .	The athletes slept .	non-entailment
The professor near the judges recommended the scientists .	The judges recommended the scientists .	non-entailment
The president near the artist recognized the actors .	The artist recognized the actors .	non-entailment
The tourists near the athlete saw the lawyers .	The athlete saw the lawyers .	non-entailment
The managers behind the senator supported the banker .	The senator supported the banker .	non-entailment
The secretary behind the athletes slept .	The athletes slept .	non-entailment
The judges near the scientist danced .	The scientist danced .	non-entailment
The athletes in front of the tourist thanked the actors .	The tourist thanked the actors .	non-entailment
The lawyer next to the author supported the athlete .	The author supported the athlete .	non-entailment
The tourists behind the senators called the secretaries .	The senators called the secretaries .	non-entailment
The managers by the doctors admired the scientist .	The doctors admired the scientist .	non-entailment
The president behind the actor ran .	The actor ran .	non-entailment
The athlete next to the judge recommended the student .	The judge recommended the student .	non-entailment
The secretary near the students contacted the professor .	The students contacted the professor .	non-entailment
The judges by the lawyer introduced the actor .	The lawyer introduced the actor .	non-entailment
The students by the managers waited .	The managers waited .	non-entailment
The authors by the presidents called the manager .	The presidents called the manager .	non-entailment
The athlete near the scientist encouraged the managers .	The scientist encouraged the managers .	non-entailment
The doctors near the tourist admired the judges .	The tourist admired the judges .	non-entailment
The student in front of the senator resigned .	The senator resigned .	non-entailment
The judge by the artist performed .	The artist performed .	non-entailment
The artists behind the student encouraged the bankers .	The student encouraged the bankers .	non-entailment
The actor near the doctors believed the manager .	The doctors believed the manager .	non-entailment
The tourists near the lawyers performed .	The lawyers performed .	non-entailment
The doctors near the manager resigned .	The manager resigned .	non-entailment
The scientist behind the actor believed the banker .	The actor believed the banker .	non-entailment
The professors in front of the banker thanked the secretary .	The banker thanked the secretary .	non-entailment
The athletes by the judges contacted the author .	The judges contacted the author .	non-entailment
The presidents near the authors advised the senators .	The authors advised the senators .	non-entailment
The doctors by the lawyer advised the manager .	The lawyer advised the manager .	non-entailment
The students in front of the secretaries believed the tourist .	The secretaries believed the tourist .	non-entailment
The bankers next to the lawyers waited .	The lawyers waited .	non-entailment
The managers in front of the athlete slept .	The athlete slept .	non-entailment
The artist by the lawyer mentioned the doctor .	The lawyer mentioned the doctor .	non-entailment
The banker behind the professor advised the managers .	The professor advised the managers .	non-entailment
The actor near the senator thanked the athlete .	The senator thanked the athlete .	non-entailment
The scientists behind the doctor shouted .	The doctor shouted .	non-entailment
The banker near the scientist performed .	The scientist performed .	non-entailment
The students by the author advised the athletes .	The author advised the athletes .	non-entailment
The professor by the senator mentioned the authors .	The senator mentioned the authors .	non-entailment
The professors behind the president mentioned the secretaries .	The president mentioned the secretaries .	non-entailment
The authors next to the artist admired the students .	The artist admired the students .	non-entailment
The artists in front of the scientists advised the athlete .	The scientists advised the athlete .	non-entailment
The student behind the bankers arrived .	The bankers arrived .	non-entailment
The senators behind the doctors saw the scientist .	The doctors saw the scientist .	non-entailment
The judges in front of the authors called the presidents .	The authors called the presidents .	non-entailment
The author by the artists performed .	The artists performed .	non-entailment
The manager behind the senators called the scientists .	The senators called the scientists .	non-entailment
The lawyer in front of the athletes thanked the tourist .	The athletes thanked the tourist .	non-entailment
The lawyers behind the judges slept .	The judges slept .	non-entailment
The tourists by the athlete helped the bankers .	The athlete helped the bankers .	non-entailment
The senators near the bankers shouted .	The bankers shouted .	non-entailment
The senators next to the banker introduced the authors .	The banker introduced the authors .	non-entailment
The artists next to the professors encouraged the banker .	The professors encouraged the banker .	non-entailment
The tourists by the bankers admired the lawyer .	The bankers admired the lawyer .	non-entailment
The scientists by the actor waited .	The actor waited .	non-entailment
The scientists by the lawyer advised the tourists .	The lawyer advised the tourists .	non-entailment
The senator near the actor believed the bankers .	The actor believed the bankers .	non-entailment
The professors in front of the banker avoided the senator .	The banker avoided the senator .	non-entailment
The scientist by the secretaries contacted the students .	The secretaries contacted the students .	non-entailment
The artists by the secretaries resigned .	The secretaries resigned .	non-entailment
The tourists next to the scientist saw the judge .	The scientist saw the judge .	non-entailment
The doctors by the athlete saw the artists .	The athlete saw the artists .	non-entailment
The manager near the artist danced .	The artist danced .	non-entailment
The professor in front of the manager admired the tourists .	The manager admired the tourists .	non-entailment
The tourist near the authors introduced the lawyers .	The authors introduced the lawyers .	non-entailment
The professors behind the secretary advised the doctor .	The secretary advised the doctor .	non-entailment
The judge near the managers supported the scientists .	The managers supported the scientists .	non-entailment
The banker next to the president resigned .	The president resigned .	non-entailment
The tourist behind the artist avoided the students .	The artist avoided the students .	non-entailment
The banker in front of the artists recommended the senators .	The artists recommended the senators .	non-entailment
The tourists behind the author called the doctors .	The author called the doctors .	non-entailment
The judge in front of the managers advised the artist .	The managers advised the artist .	non-entailment
The doctors near the students danced .	The students danced .	non-entailment
The doctors by the athletes avoided the banker .	The athletes avoided the banker .	non-entailment
The senators near the bankers encouraged the manager .	The bankers encouraged the manager .	non-entailment
The secretaries in front of the students ran .	The students ran .	non-entailment
The athlete behind the president thanked the student .	The president thanked the student .	non-entailment
The actors near the author recommended the bankers .	The author recommended the bankers .	non-entailment
The secretary next to the scientists waited .	The scientists waited .	non-entailment
The judge next to the tourists recognized the students .	The tourists recognized the students .	non-entailment
The tourists near the senators introduced the actors .	The senators introduced the actors .	non-entailment
The author behind the tourist danced .	The tourist danced .	non-entailment
The bankers behind the manager helped the scientists .	The manager helped the scientists .	non-entailment
The artist by the judges mentioned the lawyer .	The judges mentioned the lawyer .	non-entailment
The scientist next to the author ran .	The author ran .	non-entailment
The athlete next to the judges danced .	The judges danced .	non-entailment
The lawyer next to the judge believed the tourists .	The judge believed the tourists .	non-entailment
The secretaries behind the student introduced the author .	The student introduced the author .	non-entailment
The professor next to the judges ran .	The judges ran .	non-entailment
The actor next to the student recommended the artists .	The student recommended the artists .	non-entailment
The secretaries near the lawyer ran .	The lawyer ran .	non-entailment
The actor near the athletes danced .	The athletes danced .	non-entailment
The artist behind the professors shouted .	The professors shouted .	non-entailment
The managers by the authors ran .	The authors ran .	non-entailment
The actors near the manager helped the authors .	The manager helped the authors .	non-entailment
The athlete by the bankers stopped the lawyers .	The bankers stopped the lawyers .	non-entailment
The author by the doctor introduced the lawyer .	The doctor introduced the lawyer .	non-entailment
The author in front of the professor mentioned the secretaries .	The professor mentioned the secretaries .	non-entailment
The managers behind the actors recommended the banker .	The actors recommended the banker .	non-entailment
The scientist next to the student encouraged the president .	The student encouraged the president .	non-entailment
The presidents near the actor introduced the artists .	The actor introduced the artists .	non-entailment
The actors in front of the bankers supported the athletes .	The bankers supported the athletes .	non-entailment
The doctors next to the artist recommended the managers .	The artist recommended the managers .	non-entailment
The tourist by the professor slept .	The professor slept .	non-entailment
The judge behind the secretary shouted .	The secretary shouted .	non-entailment
The lawyer by the student advised the tourists .	The student advised the tourists .	non-entailment
The secretary behind the authors encouraged the manager .	The authors encouraged the manager .	non-entailment
The actors next to the professors performed .	The professors performed .	non-entailment
The athlete by the actors helped the judge .	The actors helped the judge .	non-entailment
The student next to the senator slept .	The senator slept .	non-entailment
The artists behind the banker saw the secretaries .	The banker saw the secretaries .	non-entailment
The student by the presidents called the judge .	The presidents called the judge .	non-entailment
The athlete in front of the secretaries shouted .	The secretaries shouted .	non-entailment
The managers by the professor introduced the scientists .	The professor introduced the scientists .	non-entailment
The artists by the manager believed the students .	The manager believed the students .	non-entailment
The judge near the athletes performed .	The athletes performed .	non-entailment
The actor behind the secretary advised the president .	The secretary advised the president .	non-entailment
The student in front of the presidents recognized the doctor .	The presidents recognized the doctor .	non-entailment
The banker next to the athlete stopped the managers .	The athlete stopped the managers .	non-entailment
The senator by the professors saw the managers .	The professors saw the managers .	non-entailment
The author near the athlete saw the student .	The athlete saw the student .	non-entailment
The author by the president ran .	The president ran .	non-entailment
The senator behind the artist thanked the lawyer .	The artist thanked the lawyer .	non-entailment
The secretary next to the president called the author .	The president called the author .	non-entailment
The manager behind the tourists danced .	The tourists danced .	non-entailment
The secretaries behind the president waited .	The president waited .	non-entailment
The athlete by the bankers recommended the student .	The bankers recommended the student .	non-entailment
The managers near the judges ran .	The judges ran .	non-entailment
The senator by the artist recognized the scientists .	The artist recognized the scientists .	non-entailment
The athlete near the judges recognized the tourists .	The judges recognized the tourists .	non-entailment
The senators behind the artists saw the scientist .	The artists saw the scientist .	non-entailment
The president near the author avoided the artist .	The author avoided the artist .	non-entailment
The professors behind the lawyers resigned .	The lawyers resigned .	non-entailment
The lawyers near the scientists helped the senators .	The scientists helped the senators .	non-entailment
The professor near the athlete resigned .	The athlete resigned .	non-entailment
The tourists behind the author recommended the secretary .	The author recommended the secretary .	non-entailment
The artists by the actors performed .	The actors performed .	non-entailment
The tourist in front of the authors called the senators .	The authors called the senators .	non-entailment
The judge behind the lawyers saw the student .	The lawyers saw the student .	non-entailment
The athletes by the tourists saw the scientists .	The tourists saw the scientists .	non-entailment
The presidents behind the doctors stopped the senators .	The doctors stopped the senators .	non-entailment
The student by the senator admired the actors .	The senator admired the actors .	non-entailment
The senator behind the tourist encouraged the professors .	The tourist encouraged the professors .	non-entailment
The senators behind the secretaries recognized the doctor .	The secretaries recognized the doctor .	non-entailment
The president in front of the senators waited .	The senators waited .	non-entailment
The athletes in front of the manager stopped the professors .	The manager stopped the professors .	non-entailment
The presidents in front of the managers saw the actors .	The managers saw the actors .	non-entailment
The students near the actors saw the athletes .	The actors saw the athletes .	non-entailment
The athlete near the professors introduced the scientist .	The professors introduced the scientist .	non-entailment
The tourists near the presidents stopped the professor .	The presidents stopped the professor .	non-entailment
The artist behind the president advised the managers .	The president advised the managers .	non-entailment
The senators in front of the tourist saw the lawyer .	The tourist saw the lawyer .	non-entailment
The scientist behind the tourist resigned .	The tourist resigned .	non-entailment
The lawyer behind the secretary danced .	The secretary danced .	non-entailment
The presidents near the actors contacted the managers .	The actors contacted the managers .	non-entailment
The tourists next to the lawyers advised the secretary .	The lawyers advised the secretary .	non-entailment
The professors in front of the presidents supported the managers .	The presidents supported the managers .	non-entailment
The athletes behind the secretary called the lawyers .	The secretary called the lawyers .	non-entailment
The judges behind the professors ran .	The professors ran .	non-entailment
The bankers next to the judges avoided the scientist .	The judges avoided the scientist .	non-entailment
The doctors by the lawyers contacted the athlete .	The lawyers contacted the athlete .	non-entailment
The tourist next to the authors stopped the students .	The authors stopped the students .	non-entailment
The manager in front of the athlete performed .	The athlete performed .	non-entailment
The lawyers next to the professor mentioned the judge .	The professor mentioned the judge .	non-entailment
The athlete in front of the lawyers supported the manager .	The lawyers supported the manager .	non-entailment
The doctor next to the actors recognized the athlete .	The actors recognized the athlete .	non-entailment
The scientist by the tourists recommended the president .	The tourists recommended the president .	non-entailment
The author by the senators encouraged the banker .	The senators encouraged the banker .	non-entailment
The president next to the athletes shouted .	The athletes shouted .	non-entailment
The scientist next to the bankers advised the actor .	The bankers advised the actor .	non-entailment
The tourist near the manager encouraged the presidents .	The manager encouraged the presidents .	non-entailment
The doctor by the authors arrived .	The authors arrived .	non-entailment
The authors in front of the lawyer stopped the artist .	The lawyer stopped the artist .	non-entailment
The athletes by the judge stopped the lawyers .	The judge stopped the lawyers .	non-entailment
The secretary near the lawyers avoided the senators .	The lawyers avoided the senators .	non-entailment
The athlete in front of the students believed the tourists .	The students believed the tourists .	non-entailment
The doctors next to the managers helped the athletes .	The managers helped the athletes .	non-entailment
The scientist behind the senator shouted .	The senator shouted .	non-entailment
The president behind the professor encouraged the scientist .	The professor encouraged the scientist .	non-entailment
The doctor next to the author resigned .	The author resigned .	non-entailment
The lawyer in front of the judges slept .	The judges slept .	non-entailment
The actors in front of the presidents waited .	The presidents waited .	non-entailment
The athletes by the presidents encouraged the lawyers .	The presidents encouraged the lawyers .	non-entailment
The scientists by the tourists danced .	The tourists danced .	non-entailment
The athlete next to the judge ran .	The judge ran .	non-entailment
The artist by the senators avoided the judges .	The senators avoided the judges .	non-entailment
The lawyers next to the doctors resigned .	The doctors resigned .	non-entailment
The tourists by the judge waited .	The judge waited .	non-entailment
The professor next to the doctor ran .	The doctor ran .	non-entailment
The lawyers in front of the tourists stopped the managers .	The tourists stopped the managers .	non-entailment
The doctor next to the senator resigned .	The senator resigned .	non-entailment
The athlete next to the lawyers admired the artists .	The lawyers admired the artists .	non-entailment
The athlete next to the authors avoided the tourist .	The authors avoided the tourist .	non-entailment
The doctors in front of the artists advised the bankers .	The artists advised the bankers .	non-entailment
The scientist near the artist believed the authors .	The artist believed the authors .	non-entailment
The students next to the judge stopped the scientists .	The judge stopped the scientists .	non-entailment
The actor next to the doctors avoided the author .	The doctors avoided the author .	non-entailment
The tourists near the secretary recommended the scientist .	The secretary recommended the scientist .	non-entailment
The president in front of the professors slept .	The professors slept .	non-entailment
The athletes near the judges slept .	The judges slept .	non-entailment
The tourist behind the doctors helped the professors .	The doctors helped the professors .	non-entailment
The managers by the actors resigned .	The actors resigned .	non-entailment
The doctors in front of the tourists stopped the managers .	The tourists stopped the managers .	non-entailment
The doctor by the banker danced .	The banker danced .	non-entailment
The managers by the scientist encouraged the athlete .	The scientist encouraged the athlete .	non-entailment
The lawyers near the professors encouraged the manager .	The professors encouraged the manager .	non-entailment
The judge near the professor believed the senators .	The professor believed the senators .	non-entailment
The presidents in front of the senator saw the tourist .	The senator saw the tourist .	non-entailment
The president in front of the artist mentioned the managers .	The artist mentioned the managers .	non-entailment
The senator by the lawyers advised the professor .	The lawyers advised the professor .	non-entailment
The athlete near the lawyer admired the senators .	The lawyer admired the senators .	non-entailment
The judges by the secretary resigned .	The secretary resigned .	non-entailment
The banker next to the manager ran .	The manager ran .	non-entailment
The lawyers near the doctors waited .	The doctors waited .	non-entailment
The athletes behind the secretaries contacted the scientist .	The secretaries contacted the scientist .	non-entailment
The presidents behind the secretary recognized the manager .	The secretary recognized the manager .	non-entailment
The judge in front of the artist danced .	The artist danced .	non-entailment
The judge next to the artist advised the secretary .	The artist advised the secretary .	non-entailment
The judges in front of the senator recommended the tourist .	The senator recommended the tourist .	non-entailment
The judge behind the tourist recommended the lawyer .	The tourist recommended the lawyer .	non-entailment
The author near the judge recommended the manager .	The judge recommended the manager .	non-entailment
The lawyers in front of the senators encouraged the author .	The senators encouraged the author .	non-entailment
The student near the athletes advised the presidents .	The athletes advised the presidents .	non-entailment
The judge behind the banker advised the secretary .	The banker advised the secretary .	non-entailment
The professors in front of the lawyer stopped the scientist .	The lawyer stopped the scientist .	non-entailment
The authors behind the managers encouraged the tourists .	The managers encouraged the tourists .	non-entailment
The authors near the senators recommended the presidents .	The senators recommended the presidents .	non-entailment
The president behind the actors waited .	The actors waited .	non-entailment
The actor next to the lawyer waited .	The lawyer waited .	non-entailment
The artists next to the doctors slept .	The doctors slept .	non-entailment
The senator in front of the doctors performed .	The doctors performed .	non-entailment
The professor next to the athlete encouraged the tourist .	The athlete encouraged the tourist .	non-entailment
The president near the professor mentioned the judges .	The professor mentioned the judges .	non-entailment
The banker in front of the student stopped the scientist .	The student stopped the scientist .	non-entailment
The tourists near the bankers ran .	The bankers ran .	non-entailment
The athlete in front of the senator danced .	The senator danced .	non-entailment
The actor in front of the student arrived .	The student arrived .	non-entailment
The doctors by the actors performed .	The actors performed .	non-entailment
The banker near the doctors arrived .	The doctors arrived .	non-entailment
The athletes in front of the bankers shouted .	The bankers shouted .	non-entailment
The athlete behind the actor advised the banker .	The actor advised the banker .	non-entailment
The student near the secretary avoided the doctor .	The secretary avoided the doctor .	non-entailment
The author near the secretary thanked the professors .	The secretary thanked the professors .	non-entailment
The artists by the judge saw the authors .	The judge saw the authors .	non-entailment
The artist near the tourists believed the president .	The tourists believed the president .	non-entailment
The doctors next to the tourist called the secretaries .	The tourist called the secretaries .	non-entailment
The bankers near the athlete slept .	The athlete slept .	non-entailment
The lawyer by the secretaries slept .	The secretaries slept .	non-entailment
The tourists near the managers admired the scientist .	The managers admired the scientist .	non-entailment
The athletes by the senators saw the lawyer .	The senators saw the lawyer .	non-entailment
The secretary near the athletes called the professor .	The athletes called the professor .	non-entailment
The secretary near the artists avoided the judges .	The artists avoided the judges .	non-entailment
The tourist next to the bankers mentioned the athlete .	The bankers mentioned the athlete .	non-entailment
The artist by the manager shouted .	The manager shouted .	non-entailment
The secretaries next to the author ran .	The author ran .	non-entailment
The senators next to the scientist admired the judges .	The scientist admired the judges .	non-entailment
The lawyer near the president arrived .	The president arrived .	non-entailment
The secretaries in front of the judges slept .	The judges slept .	non-entailment
The actor by the professor waited .	The professor waited .	non-entailment
The secretaries by the scientists waited .	The scientists waited .	non-entailment
The doctors in front of the artist introduced the lawyers .	The artist introduced the lawyers .	non-entailment
The professor by the doctors recognized the managers .	The doctors recognized the managers .	non-entailment
The artist by the managers shouted .	The managers shouted .	non-entailment
The managers behind the author contacted the bankers .	The author contacted the bankers .	non-entailment
The president in front of the banker stopped the actor .	The banker stopped the actor .	non-entailment
The students near the senator saw the judge .	The senator saw the judge .	non-entailment
The lawyer behind the doctors contacted the student .	The doctors contacted the student .	non-entailment
The senator by the students danced .	The students danced .	non-entailment
The lawyers near the bankers mentioned the scientists .	The bankers mentioned the scientists .	non-entailment
The professors in front of the presidents arrived .	The presidents arrived .	non-entailment
The authors near the senator supported the scientists .	The senator supported the scientists .	non-entailment
The president behind the doctors avoided the tourists .	The doctors avoided the tourists .	non-entailment
The author in front of the lawyer helped the secretary .	The lawyer helped the secretary .	non-entailment
The actor behind the senators arrived .	The senators arrived .	non-entailment
The actor in front of the lawyer stopped the student .	The lawyer stopped the student .	non-entailment
The authors by the president supported the doctor .	The president supported the doctor .	non-entailment
The tourists behind the students called the presidents .	The students called the presidents .	non-entailment
The scientists by the senator called the professors .	The senator called the professors .	non-entailment
The athletes behind the doctor admired the actor .	The doctor admired the actor .	non-entailment
The senator by the student arrived .	The student arrived .	non-entailment
The judge near the senators introduced the artist .	The senators introduced the artist .	non-entailment
The scientists behind the doctors ran .	The doctors ran .	non-entailment
The athlete near the senator stopped the bankers .	The senator stopped the bankers .	non-entailment
The authors next to the tourists waited .	The tourists waited .	non-entailment
The professor next to the lawyer encouraged the doctor .	The lawyer encouraged the doctor .	non-entailment
The lawyers near the manager contacted the athletes .	The manager contacted the athletes .	non-entailment
The manager in front of the athletes arrived .	The athletes arrived .	non-entailment
The tourist next to the students advised the athletes .	The students advised the athletes .	non-entailment
The secretary by the judges called the scientists .	The judges called the scientists .	non-entailment
The professors behind the student believed the authors .	The student believed the authors .	non-entailment
The athletes by the manager resigned .	The manager resigned .	non-entailment
The athletes in front of the secretary helped the bankers .	The secretary helped the bankers .	non-entailment
The actor near the bankers contacted the authors .	The bankers contacted the authors .	non-entailment
The artists behind the lawyers supported the tourist .	The lawyers supported the tourist .	non-entailment
The author next to the managers called the senator .	The managers called the senator .	non-entailment
The students behind the senator recommended the secretary .	The senator recommended the secretary .	non-entailment
The athletes in front of the president slept .	The president slept .	non-entailment
The author in front of the actor danced .	The actor danced .	non-entailment
The secretaries behind the professors advised the president .	The professors advised the president .	non-entailment
The doctor by the judges performed .	The judges performed .	non-entailment
The scientist behind the judge arrived .	The judge arrived .	non-entailment
The doctor near the president introduced the secretary .	The president introduced the secretary .	non-entailment
The presidents next to the secretaries called the banker .	The secretaries called the banker .	non-entailment
The actors by the secretary thanked the managers .	The secretary thanked the managers .	non-entailment
The professors behind the presidents stopped the secretaries .	The presidents stopped the secretaries .	non-entailment
The professor in front of the president stopped the actor .	The president stopped the actor .	non-entailment
The artists next to the banker encouraged the doctor .	The banker encouraged the doctor .	non-entailment
The managers in front of the student encouraged the author .	The student encouraged the author .	non-entailment
The artists next to the scientist slept .	The scientist slept .	non-entailment
The artists behind the secretaries ran .	The secretaries ran .	non-entailment
The athletes next to the authors advised the artist .	The authors advised the artist .	non-entailment
The actor near the secretary ran .	The secretary ran .	non-entailment
The president in front of the author danced .	The author danced .	non-entailment
The lawyers in front of the athlete contacted the doctor .	The athlete contacted the doctor .	non-entailment
The actor by the students mentioned the athletes .	The students mentioned the athletes .	non-entailment
The student behind the tourist danced .	The tourist danced .	non-entailment
The tourist near the lawyer called the doctor .	The lawyer called the doctor .	non-entailment
The banker by the tourist resigned .	The tourist resigned .	non-entailment
The manager near the artist encouraged the author .	The artist encouraged the author .	non-entailment
The bankers behind the secretaries thanked the actor .	The secretaries thanked the actor .	non-entailment
The artists in front of the author slept .	The author slept .	non-entailment
The banker near the lawyer called the artist .	The lawyer called the artist .	non-entailment
The president near the doctor encouraged the artists .	The doctor encouraged the artists .	non-entailment
The authors behind the professor believed the presidents .	The professor believed the presidents .	non-entailment
The artists by the lawyer saw the athlete .	The lawyer saw the athlete .	non-entailment
The actors next to the author called the students .	The author called the students .	non-entailment
The scientist next to the bankers recommended the actors .	The bankers recommended the actors .	non-entailment
The secretaries by the doctors introduced the judges .	The doctors introduced the judges .	non-entailment
The manager near the senator recommended the banker .	The senator recommended the banker .	non-entailment
The president near the senators advised the athlete .	The senators advised the athlete .	non-entailment
The athlete next to the students arrived .	The students arrived .	non-entailment
The tourists in front of the athletes slept .	The athletes slept .	non-entailment
The author next to the athlete contacted the senator .	The athlete contacted the senator .	non-entailment
The presidents near the doctors stopped the students .	The doctors stopped the students .	non-entailment
The lawyers next to the actors recommended the manager .	The actors recommended the manager .	non-entailment
The tourist by the author supported the manager .	The author supported the manager .	non-entailment
The athletes in front of the doctor avoided the authors .	The doctor avoided the authors .	non-entailment
The manager near the authors encouraged the tourists .	The authors encouraged the tourists .	non-entailment
The lawyer by the tourist supported the actors .	The tourist supported the actors .	non-entailment
The bankers in front of the athletes avoided the scientists .	The athletes avoided the scientists .	non-entailment
The authors behind the senator encouraged the manager .	The senator encouraged the manager .	non-entailment
The president behind the lawyers stopped the artists .	The lawyers stopped the artists .	non-entailment
The manager next to the tourists avoided the doctor .	The tourists avoided the doctor .	non-entailment
The lawyer behind the doctor contacted the tourist .	The doctor contacted the tourist .	non-entailment
The banker in front of the tourist supported the actor .	The tourist supported the actor .	non-entailment
The manager next to the tourists arrived .	The tourists arrived .	non-entailment
The student near the secretaries supported the judges .	The secretaries supported the judges .	non-entailment
The artists that supported the senators shouted .	The senators shouted .	non-entailment
The presidents who stopped the scientist ran .	The scientist ran .	non-entailment
The secretaries who supported the president admired the authors .	The president admired the authors .	non-entailment
The secretary that admired the senator saw the actor .	The senator saw the actor .	non-entailment
The doctors who saw the senator arrived .	The senator arrived .	non-entailment
The scientists that introduced the senator avoided the actor .	The senator avoided the actor .	non-entailment
The senator who avoided the students slept .	The students slept .	non-entailment
The students who introduced the athlete performed .	The athlete performed .	non-entailment
The scientist who advised the presidents encouraged the student .	The presidents encouraged the student .	non-entailment
The secretaries that thanked the authors shouted .	The authors shouted .	non-entailment
The author that avoided the doctor slept .	The doctor slept .	non-entailment
The doctors that believed the managers introduced the bankers .	The managers introduced the bankers .	non-entailment
The students that stopped the doctors called the artist .	The doctors called the artist .	non-entailment
The bankers that contacted the judge resigned .	The judge resigned .	non-entailment
The senators that encouraged the actors supported the presidents .	The actors supported the presidents .	non-entailment
The professors that avoided the artists danced .	The artists danced .	non-entailment
The senator that stopped the secretary introduced the lawyers .	The secretary introduced the lawyers .	non-entailment
The actor that believed the athlete helped the secretary .	The athlete helped the secretary .	non-entailment
The doctor who supported the banker thanked the actor .	The banker thanked the actor .	non-entailment
The athletes that supported the actor recognized the students .	The actor recognized the students .	non-entailment
The student that saw the scientists believed the lawyer .	The scientists believed the lawyer .	non-entailment
The scientist who called the tourists slept .	The tourists slept .	non-entailment
The secretary who encouraged the senator advised the lawyers .	The senator advised the lawyers .	non-entailment
The artist that stopped the actor slept .	The actor slept .	non-entailment
The athletes that supported the senators waited .	The senators waited .	non-entailment
The president that helped the secretaries mentioned the banker .	The secretaries mentioned the banker .	non-entailment
The author who thanked the judge slept .	The judge slept .	non-entailment
The professor that stopped the actors recognized the presidents .	The actors recognized the presidents .	non-entailment
The student that recommended the presidents resigned .	The presidents resigned .	non-entailment
The president that saw the tourists danced .	The tourists danced .	non-entailment
The professor that saw the athlete supported the actor .	The athlete supported the actor .	non-entailment
The athletes who stopped the secretaries thanked the artists .	The secretaries thanked the artists .	non-entailment
The managers that avoided the athlete encouraged the scientists .	The athlete encouraged the scientists .	non-entailment
The students that thanked the lawyers avoided the judges .	The lawyers avoided the judges .	non-entailment
The secretaries that mentioned the artist shouted .	The artist shouted .	non-entailment
The senators that advised the students encouraged the tourists .	The students encouraged the tourists .	non-entailment
The artists that mentioned the authors advised the actor .	The authors advised the actor .	non-entailment
The lawyer who avoided the manager introduced the doctors .	The manager introduced the doctors .	non-entailment
The scientist that recommended the presidents helped the doctors .	The presidents helped the doctors .	non-entailment
The judge that called the author supported the senator .	The author supported the senator .	non-entailment
The scientist who advised the author saw the professors .	The author saw the professors .	non-entailment
The scientist who supported the actor performed .	The actor performed .	non-entailment
The bankers that thanked the artists believed the tourist .	The artists believed the tourist .	non-entailment
The doctor who saw the artist ran .	The artist ran .	non-entailment
The professors that stopped the student shouted .	The student shouted .	non-entailment
The scientists who avoided the actor recommended the manager .	The actor recommended the manager .	non-entailment
The tourist who advised the student contacted the athletes .	The student contacted the athletes .	non-entailment
The students that believed the athletes stopped the lawyer .	The athletes stopped the lawyer .	non-entailment
The professors that avoided the scientists saw the manager .	The scientists saw the manager .	non-entailment
The senator that believed the manager slept .	The manager slept .	non-entailment
The senators who recognized the judges supported the bankers .	The judges supported the bankers .	non-entailment
The actor who helped the managers slept .	The managers slept .	non-entailment
The actors that recognized the doctors ran .	The doctors ran .	non-entailment
The students that saw the senator ran .	The senator ran .	non-entailment
The judge who introduced the presidents waited .	The presidents waited .	non-entailment
The senator that helped the scientists thanked the professor .	The scientists thanked the professor .	non-entailment
The doctors that admired the athlete resigned .	The athlete resigned .	non-entailment
The president who recognized the doctor called the scientist .	The doctor called the scientist .	non-entailment
The doctor that introduced the managers shouted .	The managers shouted .	non-entailment
The artist that avoided the scientist supported the professors .	The scientist supported the professors .	non-entailment
The athletes who recommended the bankers waited .	The bankers waited .	non-entailment
The tourist that advised the doctors contacted the president .	The doctors contacted the president .	non-entailment
The lawyer that admired the judges resigned .	The judges resigned .	non-entailment
The professor that believed the president danced .	The president danced .	non-entailment
The judges that believed the tourists saw the lawyer .	The tourists saw the lawyer .	non-entailment
The student that helped the banker mentioned the author .	The banker mentioned the author .	non-entailment
The athletes who advised the judge believed the presidents .	The judge believed the presidents .	non-entailment
The artist who thanked the secretary recommended the professors .	The secretary recommended the professors .	non-entailment
The doctor that introduced the actors recognized the banker .	The actors recognized the banker .	non-entailment
The presidents that thanked the scientist called the tourists .	The scientist called the tourists .	non-entailment
The actor that admired the students shouted .	The students shouted .	non-entailment
The lawyers who saw the professor supported the author .	The professor supported the author .	non-entailment
The athletes that thanked the lawyers admired the professor .	The lawyers admired the professor .	non-entailment
The athlete that introduced the students recommended the actors .	The students recommended the actors .	non-entailment
The president who supported the author shouted .	The author shouted .	non-entailment
The artists that introduced the lawyer helped the authors .	The lawyer helped the authors .	non-entailment
The secretaries who avoided the artists admired the athlete .	The artists admired the athlete .	non-entailment
The lawyer that thanked the doctors mentioned the artist .	The doctors mentioned the artist .	non-entailment
The lawyer that advised the presidents saw the students .	The presidents saw the students .	non-entailment
The artist who stopped the students danced .	The students danced .	non-entailment
The students that introduced the doctor danced .	The doctor danced .	non-entailment
The senator who contacted the actor recognized the tourists .	The actor recognized the tourists .	non-entailment
The artists that helped the managers arrived .	The managers arrived .	non-entailment
The doctors who called the artist thanked the actors .	The artist thanked the actors .	non-entailment
The actors who admired the senator stopped the tourists .	The senator stopped the tourists .	non-entailment
The scientists that contacted the banker called the doctors .	The banker called the doctors .	non-entailment
The professors that avoided the tourists arrived .	The tourists arrived .	non-entailment
The scientists that encouraged the authors thanked the athlete .	The authors thanked the athlete .	non-entailment
The actor that admired the judges introduced the banker .	The judges introduced the banker .	non-entailment
The athletes who encouraged the professor stopped the managers .	The professor stopped the managers .	non-entailment
The artist who stopped the bankers introduced the president .	The bankers introduced the president .	non-entailment
The senator who advised the scientist introduced the professor .	The scientist introduced the professor .	non-entailment
The scientists that recommended the senator performed .	The senator performed .	non-entailment
The scientists who saw the tourist thanked the bankers .	The tourist thanked the bankers .	non-entailment
The secretary that helped the professor mentioned the lawyers .	The professor mentioned the lawyers .	non-entailment
The judges that supported the secretary mentioned the authors .	The secretary mentioned the authors .	non-entailment
The actors that avoided the senator admired the student .	The senator admired the student .	non-entailment
The lawyer that called the senator contacted the banker .	The senator contacted the banker .	non-entailment
The doctor that admired the secretary contacted the actors .	The secretary contacted the actors .	non-entailment
The scientist who stopped the student slept .	The student slept .	non-entailment
The doctors that avoided the senator introduced the secretary .	The senator introduced the secretary .	non-entailment
The senator that mentioned the actors danced .	The actors danced .	non-entailment
The manager that contacted the tourists recommended the secretary .	The tourists recommended the secretary .	non-entailment
The professors who mentioned the banker resigned .	The banker resigned .	non-entailment
The manager who contacted the scientists resigned .	The scientists resigned .	non-entailment
The tourist that helped the secretaries waited .	The secretaries waited .	non-entailment
The president that believed the lawyer advised the judges .	The lawyer advised the judges .	non-entailment
The artists who recognized the bankers danced .	The bankers danced .	non-entailment
The managers that mentioned the banker encouraged the author .	The banker encouraged the author .	non-entailment
The bankers that mentioned the lawyer helped the artist .	The lawyer helped the artist .	non-entailment
The doctor that recognized the lawyers thanked the tourist .	The lawyers thanked the tourist .	non-entailment
The actor that recommended the lawyers slept .	The lawyers slept .	non-entailment
The professor that avoided the president admired the athlete .	The president admired the athlete .	non-entailment
The lawyer who encouraged the senator thanked the athlete .	The senator thanked the athlete .	non-entailment
The presidents who introduced the professors avoided the authors .	The professors avoided the authors .	non-entailment
The artists who thanked the lawyers advised the doctors .	The lawyers advised the doctors .	non-entailment
The doctors that helped the professor arrived .	The professor arrived .	non-entailment
The scientist who avoided the artist resigned .	The artist resigned .	non-entailment
The lawyers that admired the students resigned .	The students resigned .	non-entailment
The senators that introduced the presidents thanked the authors .	The presidents thanked the authors .	non-entailment
The banker who contacted the judges believed the artist .	The judges believed the artist .	non-entailment
The senators that called the bankers believed the presidents .	The bankers believed the presidents .	non-entailment
The actor who introduced the president contacted the secretaries .	The president contacted the secretaries .	non-entailment
The authors that recognized the presidents ran .	The presidents ran .	non-entailment
The secretary who recommended the doctors stopped the authors .	The doctors stopped the authors .	non-entailment
The artist that contacted the doctors shouted .	The doctors shouted .	non-entailment
The lawyer that stopped the judges encouraged the artists .	The judges encouraged the artists .	non-entailment
The authors who thanked the doctor encouraged the athletes .	The doctor encouraged the athletes .	non-entailment
The tourist who stopped the actor recognized the athlete .	The actor recognized the athlete .	non-entailment
The students who mentioned the secretaries ran .	The secretaries ran .	non-entailment
The scientist who mentioned the senators stopped the judges .	The senators stopped the judges .	non-entailment
The actor who mentioned the manager recommended the scientists .	The manager recommended the scientists .	non-entailment
The judge who thanked the athletes slept .	The athletes slept .	non-entailment
The students who recommended the athletes contacted the actor .	The athletes contacted the actor .	non-entailment
The banker who saw the judge shouted .	The judge shouted .	non-entailment
The tourists that called the professor encouraged the student .	The professor encouraged the student .	non-entailment
The manager that helped the authors admired the judge .	The authors admired the judge .	non-entailment
The managers that helped the scientists danced .	The scientists danced .	non-entailment
The manager that avoided the authors stopped the senator .	The authors stopped the senator .	non-entailment
The senators that believed the manager resigned .	The manager resigned .	non-entailment
The actor who admired the president called the professor .	The president called the professor .	non-entailment
The senator who avoided the professor contacted the lawyer .	The professor contacted the lawyer .	non-entailment
The judges who thanked the tourist believed the scientist .	The tourist believed the scientist .	non-entailment
The artists that contacted the bankers ran .	The bankers ran .	non-entailment
The lawyer who stopped the actor recommended the judges .	The actor recommended the judges .	non-entailment
The athlete who mentioned the presidents ran .	The presidents ran .	non-entailment
The professor that called the artist danced .	The artist danced .	non-entailment
The judges that advised the artists shouted .	The artists shouted .	non-entailment
The judge that supported the students resigned .	The students resigned .	non-entailment
The secretaries who introduced the artist ran .	The artist ran .	non-entailment
The banker who recognized the scientists arrived .	The scientists arrived .	non-entailment
The manager who stopped the bankers danced .	The bankers danced .	non-entailment
The judges that helped the student performed .	The student performed .	non-entailment
The student who contacted the scientist slept .	The scientist slept .	non-entailment
The artist that admired the judge resigned .	The judge resigned .	non-entailment
The actor that avoided the authors recognized the managers .	The authors recognized the managers .	non-entailment
The actors that contacted the judge arrived .	The judge arrived .	non-entailment
The authors who called the tourist shouted .	The tourist shouted .	non-entailment
The doctor that recognized the judge danced .	The judge danced .	non-entailment
The authors who contacted the doctors ran .	The doctors ran .	non-entailment
The athlete who stopped the professor introduced the tourist .	The professor introduced the tourist .	non-entailment
The tourist who supported the presidents slept .	The presidents slept .	non-entailment
The tourists that contacted the student arrived .	The student arrived .	non-entailment
The lawyer who encouraged the manager slept .	The manager slept .	non-entailment
The president who avoided the actors believed the professor .	The actors believed the professor .	non-entailment
The artist who mentioned the doctors performed .	The doctors performed .	non-entailment
The author that admired the professors saw the judges .	The professors saw the judges .	non-entailment
The actors that believed the president avoided the managers .	The president avoided the managers .	non-entailment
The actors who called the doctor introduced the manager .	The doctor introduced the manager .	non-entailment
The judge who called the managers supported the scientists .	The managers supported the scientists .	non-entailment
The president who encouraged the manager ran .	The manager ran .	non-entailment
The president who contacted the professor encouraged the secretaries .	The professor encouraged the secretaries .	non-entailment
The tourists who stopped the professor slept .	The professor slept .	non-entailment
The students who called the professor arrived .	The professor arrived .	non-entailment
The secretaries that thanked the manager waited .	The manager waited .	non-entailment
The professor who stopped the artist mentioned the judges .	The artist mentioned the judges .	non-entailment
The presidents that stopped the student danced .	The student danced .	non-entailment
The tourist who supported the secretaries resigned .	The secretaries resigned .	non-entailment
The tourist who admired the judges advised the student .	The judges advised the student .	non-entailment
The professors who stopped the athletes resigned .	The athletes resigned .	non-entailment
The managers that saw the banker danced .	The banker danced .	non-entailment
The author who advised the lawyer supported the athlete .	The lawyer supported the athlete .	non-entailment
The manager that introduced the presidents called the student .	The presidents called the student .	non-entailment
The banker that avoided the doctors called the professors .	The doctors called the professors .	non-entailment
The students who saw the secretaries helped the lawyer .	The secretaries helped the lawyer .	non-entailment
The manager that helped the president admired the tourists .	The president admired the tourists .	non-entailment
The author that encouraged the tourists avoided the artist .	The tourists avoided the artist .	non-entailment
The senators that stopped the tourist recommended the author .	The tourist recommended the author .	non-entailment
The students that encouraged the doctor arrived .	The doctor arrived .	non-entailment
The authors who recommended the artists danced .	The artists danced .	non-entailment
The scientist who called the actor helped the secretary .	The actor helped the secretary .	non-entailment
The tourist who thanked the actor shouted .	The actor shouted .	non-entailment
The judge that recommended the actor ran .	The actor ran .	non-entailment
The actors who believed the professors encouraged the secretary .	The professors encouraged the secretary .	non-entailment
The authors that saw the president performed .	The president performed .	non-entailment
The bankers who believed the professor stopped the judges .	The professor stopped the judges .	non-entailment
The artists who saw the scientists arrived .	The scientists arrived .	non-entailment
The actor that encouraged the athletes stopped the professor .	The athletes stopped the professor .	non-entailment
The presidents who helped the actor advised the banker .	The actor advised the banker .	non-entailment
The president that recommended the scientist stopped the manager .	The scientist stopped the manager .	non-entailment
The president that recognized the students resigned .	The students resigned .	non-entailment
The president who encouraged the authors introduced the secretary .	The authors introduced the secretary .	non-entailment
The student who recommended the doctor thanked the tourist .	The doctor thanked the tourist .	non-entailment
The professor that introduced the actor encouraged the manager .	The actor encouraged the manager .	non-entailment
The judge that called the senators avoided the secretaries .	The senators avoided the secretaries .	non-entailment
The lawyers who called the authors mentioned the tourists .	The authors mentioned the tourists .	non-entailment
The presidents that admired the senator ran .	The senator ran .	non-entailment
The athlete who called the senators recommended the doctors .	The senators recommended the doctors .	non-entailment
The actor that admired the scientists called the tourists .	The scientists called the tourists .	non-entailment
The actors that thanked the president resigned .	The president resigned .	non-entailment
The author that admired the tourists avoided the secretaries .	The tourists avoided the secretaries .	non-entailment
The judge that advised the secretaries resigned .	The secretaries resigned .	non-entailment
The secretaries who called the actor recognized the president .	The actor recognized the president .	non-entailment
The doctors that supported the athletes ran .	The athletes ran .	non-entailment
The athletes who introduced the manager recognized the senators .	The manager recognized the senators .	non-entailment
The senator who supported the professor avoided the artist .	The professor avoided the artist .	non-entailment
The authors that mentioned the tourists slept .	The tourists slept .	non-entailment
The professors that admired the tourists advised the presidents .	The tourists advised the presidents .	non-entailment
The athletes that helped the lawyer introduced the doctor .	The lawyer introduced the doctor .	non-entailment
The students that stopped the artists waited .	The artists waited .	non-entailment
The doctor who helped the actors recognized the judges .	The actors recognized the judges .	non-entailment
The actor who recognized the athletes admired the author .	The athletes admired the author .	non-entailment
The judges that contacted the tourist resigned .	The tourist resigned .	non-entailment
The tourists who introduced the banker shouted .	The banker shouted .	non-entailment
The secretaries who advised the managers stopped the doctor .	The managers stopped the doctor .	non-entailment
The actor who recommended the athlete performed .	The athlete performed .	non-entailment
The tourists that supported the bankers encouraged the athletes .	The bankers encouraged the athletes .	non-entailment
The artists that advised the scientists danced .	The scientists danced .	non-entailment
The managers that advised the tourists arrived .	The tourists arrived .	non-entailment
The professors who supported the doctors encouraged the presidents .	The doctors encouraged the presidents .	non-entailment
The athlete who called the secretaries introduced the bankers .	The secretaries introduced the bankers .	non-entailment
The judge who believed the scientists slept .	The scientists slept .	non-entailment
The artists that believed the secretaries recognized the athlete .	The secretaries recognized the athlete .	non-entailment
The actor who encouraged the banker introduced the students .	The banker introduced the students .	non-entailment
The actors who avoided the professors helped the students .	The professors helped the students .	non-entailment
The lawyer who encouraged the bankers introduced the tourists .	The bankers introduced the tourists .	non-entailment
The senators that called the actors supported the judges .	The actors supported the judges .	non-entailment
The senators that recommended the professor supported the artists .	The professor supported the artists .	non-entailment
The actor that introduced the judge mentioned the tourist .	The judge mentioned the tourist .	non-entailment
The students that advised the secretary performed .	The secretary performed .	non-entailment
The manager who called the doctors mentioned the senators .	The doctors mentioned the senators .	non-entailment
The athlete that recognized the senator recommended the actor .	The senator recommended the actor .	non-entailment
The artists who encouraged the student saw the managers .	The student saw the managers .	non-entailment
The senators that encouraged the artist stopped the lawyers .	The artist stopped the lawyers .	non-entailment
The bankers who avoided the senators resigned .	The senators resigned .	non-entailment
The students who admired the artists mentioned the professor .	The artists mentioned the professor .	non-entailment
The tourist that stopped the lawyers admired the senators .	The lawyers admired the senators .	non-entailment
The artists that recognized the tourists supported the secretaries .	The tourists supported the secretaries .	non-entailment
The student who recognized the president believed the professor .	The president believed the professor .	non-entailment
The athlete who contacted the scientists stopped the managers .	The scientists stopped the managers .	non-entailment
The actors who supported the doctors admired the judges .	The doctors admired the judges .	non-entailment
The athletes who advised the professors encouraged the actor .	The professors encouraged the actor .	non-entailment
The judge that helped the doctor recommended the actor .	The doctor recommended the actor .	non-entailment
The doctor that admired the presidents introduced the lawyers .	The presidents introduced the lawyers .	non-entailment
The secretary that mentioned the scientists performed .	The scientists performed .	non-entailment
The president who helped the athlete contacted the scientists .	The athlete contacted the scientists .	non-entailment
The tourist who helped the judge slept .	The judge slept .	non-entailment
The senators who contacted the authors introduced the lawyers .	The authors introduced the lawyers .	non-entailment
The judges who encouraged the bankers ran .	The bankers ran .	non-entailment
The judges who saw the senator believed the secretaries .	The senator believed the secretaries .	non-entailment
The secretary who introduced the artist danced .	The artist danced .	non-entailment
The professors that called the secretaries resigned .	The secretaries resigned .	non-entailment
The lawyer that contacted the scientists avoided the athletes .	The scientists avoided the athletes .	non-entailment
The athlete that thanked the lawyers called the president .	The lawyers called the president .	non-entailment
The student who called the authors avoided the secretary .	The authors avoided the secretary .	non-entailment
The tourists that recognized the students avoided the banker .	The students avoided the banker .	non-entailment
The lawyers who avoided the athlete saw the secretaries .	The athlete saw the secretaries .	non-entailment
The senator that recognized the actors waited .	The actors waited .	non-entailment
The scientists that introduced the bankers encouraged the presidents .	The bankers encouraged the presidents .	non-entailment
The professors that called the student mentioned the doctor .	The student mentioned the doctor .	non-entailment
The students who believed the senators contacted the authors .	The senators contacted the authors .	non-entailment
The judges that contacted the managers arrived .	The managers arrived .	non-entailment
The actor who contacted the senators advised the artists .	The senators advised the artists .	non-entailment
The lawyers that thanked the artist performed .	The artist performed .	non-entailment
The scientist that advised the actors recognized the tourists .	The actors recognized the tourists .	non-entailment
The scientists who believed the doctor shouted .	The doctor shouted .	non-entailment
The bankers who mentioned the scientists helped the judge .	The scientists helped the judge .	non-entailment
The bankers that saw the professors performed .	The professors performed .	non-entailment
The lawyer who encouraged the doctor supported the student .	The doctor supported the student .	non-entailment
The managers who saw the banker mentioned the students .	The banker mentioned the students .	non-entailment
The athlete who supported the professors shouted .	The professors shouted .	non-entailment
The president who mentioned the senator encouraged the tourist .	The senator encouraged the tourist .	non-entailment
The student who recommended the judge called the athletes .	The judge called the athletes .	non-entailment
The student that avoided the president performed .	The president performed .	non-entailment
The scientists who admired the actors ran .	The actors ran .	non-entailment
The bankers who admired the manager encouraged the lawyers .	The manager encouraged the lawyers .	non-entailment
The students who recommended the judge mentioned the president .	The judge mentioned the president .	non-entailment
The scientist who contacted the artist resigned .	The artist resigned .	non-entailment
The secretary that thanked the actor danced .	The actor danced .	non-entailment
The student who recognized the artist thanked the banker .	The artist thanked the banker .	non-entailment
The senator who advised the tourist stopped the lawyers .	The tourist stopped the lawyers .	non-entailment
The secretaries who stopped the bankers encouraged the tourists .	The bankers encouraged the tourists .	non-entailment
The secretaries that supported the lawyer resigned .	The lawyer resigned .	non-entailment
The tourist who contacted the lawyer recognized the student .	The lawyer recognized the student .	non-entailment
The actors who advised the student shouted .	The student shouted .	non-entailment
The managers who mentioned the doctors resigned .	The doctors resigned .	non-entailment
The scientist who advised the presidents saw the professors .	The presidents saw the professors .	non-entailment
The professors who mentioned the banker slept .	The banker slept .	non-entailment
The scientists that thanked the athletes shouted .	The athletes shouted .	non-entailment
The tourist that called the secretary performed .	The secretary performed .	non-entailment
The artist who introduced the doctors avoided the senator .	The doctors avoided the senator .	non-entailment
The managers who saw the president arrived .	The president arrived .	non-entailment
The presidents that stopped the senators supported the lawyers .	The senators supported the lawyers .	non-entailment
The actor who advised the senator called the doctors .	The senator called the doctors .	non-entailment
The professor who saw the presidents stopped the tourist .	The presidents stopped the tourist .	non-entailment
The author that called the student waited .	The student waited .	non-entailment
The scientist who avoided the tourist slept .	The tourist slept .	non-entailment
The president that advised the artists supported the author .	The artists supported the author .	non-entailment
The doctors who introduced the managers resigned .	The managers resigned .	non-entailment
The banker that contacted the scientists ran .	The scientists ran .	non-entailment
The manager that admired the tourists shouted .	The tourists shouted .	non-entailment
The actor that saw the author shouted .	The author shouted .	non-entailment
The artist who saw the manager resigned .	The manager resigned .	non-entailment
The tourists who recommended the professor resigned .	The professor resigned .	non-entailment
The athletes who helped the actors called the tourists .	The actors called the tourists .	non-entailment
The doctors who mentioned the lawyers ran .	The lawyers ran .	non-entailment
The senators that introduced the authors saw the students .	The authors saw the students .	non-entailment
The artist that saw the author encouraged the scientists .	The author encouraged the scientists .	non-entailment
The author that contacted the president believed the banker .	The president believed the banker .	non-entailment
The student that believed the authors recognized the actors .	The authors recognized the actors .	non-entailment
The judges that believed the tourists danced .	The tourists danced .	non-entailment
The doctors who contacted the presidents admired the managers .	The presidents admired the managers .	non-entailment
The actor who contacted the secretary avoided the students .	The secretary avoided the students .	non-entailment
The authors who contacted the scientist slept .	The scientist slept .	non-entailment
The professors that helped the judge introduced the student .	The judge introduced the student .	non-entailment
The students that called the artists resigned .	The artists resigned .	non-entailment
The tourist that advised the scientist admired the actor .	The scientist admired the actor .	non-entailment
The students who mentioned the banker thanked the lawyers .	The banker thanked the lawyers .	non-entailment
The artists that thanked the tourists stopped the judges .	The tourists stopped the judges .	non-entailment
The senator who helped the president thanked the professors .	The president thanked the professors .	non-entailment
The secretaries who mentioned the professors encouraged the students .	The professors encouraged the students .	non-entailment
The lawyers that believed the professors waited .	The professors waited .	non-entailment
The scientist that contacted the judges advised the president .	The judges advised the president .	non-entailment
The professors who introduced the secretary recommended the students .	The secretary recommended the students .	non-entailment
The tourists that advised the actor called the lawyer .	The actor called the lawyer .	non-entailment
The judges who contacted the bankers danced .	The bankers danced .	non-entailment
The banker that encouraged the authors contacted the doctor .	The authors contacted the doctor .	non-entailment
The president that mentioned the doctor advised the scientists .	The doctor advised the scientists .	non-entailment
The author who saw the scientist avoided the judge .	The scientist avoided the judge .	non-entailment
The lawyers who advised the secretaries slept .	The secretaries slept .	non-entailment
The professor that admired the secretary supported the tourists .	The secretary supported the tourists .	non-entailment
The bankers who introduced the president ran .	The president ran .	non-entailment
The president that helped the student ran .	The student ran .	non-entailment
The students that called the professors mentioned the senators .	The professors mentioned the senators .	non-entailment
The professor who called the doctor believed the lawyer .	The doctor believed the lawyer .	non-entailment
The secretary that stopped the president arrived .	The president arrived .	non-entailment
The presidents who called the artists saw the lawyers .	The artists saw the lawyers .	non-entailment
The doctors who helped the banker avoided the artists .	The banker avoided the artists .	non-entailment
The lawyer who avoided the manager waited .	The manager waited .	non-entailment
The artist who helped the actors shouted .	The actors shouted .	non-entailment
The professor that thanked the actor slept .	The actor slept .	non-entailment
The lawyers who thanked the senators supported the scientist .	The senators supported the scientist .	non-entailment
The artist that advised the actors arrived .	The actors arrived .	non-entailment
The managers that helped the author avoided the judge .	The author avoided the judge .	non-entailment
The author that helped the actors contacted the senator .	The actors contacted the senator .	non-entailment
The actor who contacted the bankers resigned .	The bankers resigned .	non-entailment
The authors that contacted the actor performed .	The actor performed .	non-entailment
The artists that thanked the judges avoided the athlete .	The judges avoided the athlete .	non-entailment
The president who recognized the athletes thanked the manager .	The athletes thanked the manager .	non-entailment
The student who called the bankers stopped the senator .	The bankers stopped the senator .	non-entailment
The author who called the secretary contacted the presidents .	The secretary contacted the presidents .	non-entailment
The bankers that avoided the scientists recommended the artists .	The scientists recommended the artists .	non-entailment
The tourist who admired the doctors advised the managers .	The doctors advised the managers .	non-entailment
The students that saw the doctors recognized the professor .	The doctors recognized the professor .	non-entailment
The artist that advised the student saw the lawyers .	The student saw the lawyers .	non-entailment
The secretary that encouraged the doctor recognized the actors .	The doctor recognized the actors .	non-entailment
The artist that avoided the senators recognized the secretary .	The senators recognized the secretary .	non-entailment
The artist that thanked the professors ran .	The professors ran .	non-entailment
The senator that called the banker stopped the doctor .	The banker stopped the doctor .	non-entailment
The professors who saw the senators arrived .	The senators arrived .	non-entailment
The judges who avoided the managers helped the athlete .	The managers helped the athlete .	non-entailment
The judges that admired the president arrived .	The president arrived .	non-entailment
The managers who recognized the author ran .	The author ran .	non-entailment
The senators that helped the tourist ran .	The tourist ran .	non-entailment
The artists who encouraged the judges saw the author .	The judges saw the author .	non-entailment
The authors that recommended the lawyer encouraged the bankers .	The lawyer encouraged the bankers .	non-entailment
The author that mentioned the artists ran .	The artists ran .	non-entailment
The lawyer who supported the manager ran .	The manager ran .	non-entailment
The bankers who stopped the professor arrived .	The professor arrived .	non-entailment
The manager who avoided the scientist thanked the artists .	The scientist thanked the artists .	non-entailment
The tourist who called the professor waited .	The professor waited .	non-entailment
The athletes who avoided the banker believed the artist .	The banker believed the artist .	non-entailment
The judges that mentioned the student resigned .	The student resigned .	non-entailment
The president who supported the bankers danced .	The bankers danced .	non-entailment
The senators that believed the actor recommended the authors .	The actor recommended the authors .	non-entailment
The lawyer that avoided the manager performed .	The manager performed .	non-entailment
The doctors that admired the student believed the scientists .	The student believed the scientists .	non-entailment
The senator who stopped the tourists recognized the author .	The tourists recognized the author .	non-entailment
The scientist that helped the doctors called the authors .	The doctors called the authors .	non-entailment
The presidents that recommended the scientists saw the tourist .	The scientists saw the tourist .	non-entailment
The scientists who thanked the professors recognized the bankers .	The professors recognized the bankers .	non-entailment
The artists who mentioned the authors recommended the doctor .	The authors recommended the doctor .	non-entailment
The judges who introduced the president mentioned the secretary .	The president mentioned the secretary .	non-entailment
The author that saw the lawyers admired the senator .	The lawyers admired the senator .	non-entailment
The authors that supported the doctor avoided the secretaries .	The doctor avoided the secretaries .	non-entailment
The tourist that saw the bankers arrived .	The bankers arrived .	non-entailment
The scientists that called the doctor contacted the managers .	The doctor contacted the managers .	non-entailment
The lawyers who saw the senator danced .	The senator danced .	non-entailment
The artists that stopped the professors recognized the judge .	The professors recognized the judge .	non-entailment
The managers that stopped the judge mentioned the professor .	The judge mentioned the professor .	non-entailment
The secretaries that thanked the artist called the president .	The artist called the president .	non-entailment
The lawyers who advised the scientist called the professor .	The scientist called the professor .	non-entailment
The actors who contacted the student danced .	The student danced .	non-entailment
The doctors who helped the presidents contacted the judges .	The presidents contacted the judges .	non-entailment
The scientist that saw the doctors ran .	The doctors ran .	non-entailment
The actor that advised the student introduced the banker .	The student introduced the banker .	non-entailment
The author that supported the presidents arrived .	The presidents arrived .	non-entailment
The judges who introduced the doctors mentioned the tourist .	The doctors mentioned the tourist .	non-entailment
The judge that recommended the artists contacted the athlete .	The artists contacted the athlete .	non-entailment
The senator who recognized the author introduced the doctor .	The author introduced the doctor .	non-entailment
The professor who avoided the managers danced .	The managers danced .	non-entailment
The lawyers that supported the author waited .	The author waited .	non-entailment
The doctor that encouraged the professor ran .	The professor ran .	non-entailment
The manager that recognized the artists called the senator .	The artists called the senator .	non-entailment
The banker that called the author danced .	The author danced .	non-entailment
The actor who saw the secretary waited .	The secretary waited .	non-entailment
The artists who avoided the professor ran .	The professor ran .	non-entailment
The secretaries that called the athletes ran .	The athletes ran .	non-entailment
The artist that saw the secretaries called the authors .	The secretaries called the authors .	non-entailment
The president who encouraged the secretary advised the athlete .	The secretary advised the athlete .	non-entailment
The artists who called the athlete recommended the authors .	The athlete recommended the authors .	non-entailment
The actors who helped the professors called the doctor .	The professors called the doctor .	non-entailment
The president that stopped the actor believed the athletes .	The actor believed the athletes .	non-entailment
The manager that advised the professor danced .	The professor danced .	non-entailment
The lawyer who supported the students advised the secretaries .	The students advised the secretaries .	non-entailment
The student that called the bankers thanked the president .	The bankers thanked the president .	non-entailment
The artist that supported the athlete introduced the lawyer .	The athlete introduced the lawyer .	non-entailment
The actor who introduced the secretaries slept .	The secretaries slept .	non-entailment
The author that stopped the scientist recognized the actors .	The scientist recognized the actors .	non-entailment
The senators that mentioned the artists helped the actor .	The artists helped the actor .	non-entailment
The students that introduced the scientist supported the author .	The scientist supported the author .	non-entailment
The president who avoided the professors resigned .	The professors resigned .	non-entailment
The judge who saw the doctors encouraged the actors .	The doctors encouraged the actors .	non-entailment
The secretaries who saw the presidents encouraged the bankers .	The presidents encouraged the bankers .	non-entailment
The scientists who helped the doctor encouraged the managers .	The doctor encouraged the managers .	non-entailment
The president who thanked the scientist advised the senator .	The scientist advised the senator .	non-entailment
The tourists who encouraged the scientists danced .	The scientists danced .	non-entailment
The authors who thanked the students recognized the lawyer .	The students recognized the lawyer .	non-entailment
The manager that believed the doctors encouraged the presidents .	The doctors encouraged the presidents .	non-entailment
The actor that advised the author arrived .	The author arrived .	non-entailment
The senator that advised the actors recognized the managers .	The actors recognized the managers .	non-entailment
The athletes that admired the student helped the bankers .	The student helped the bankers .	non-entailment
The scientists who introduced the tourist danced .	The tourist danced .	non-entailment
The athletes who advised the secretaries recommended the presidents .	The secretaries recommended the presidents .	non-entailment
The professors who supported the doctor introduced the scientists .	The doctor introduced the scientists .	non-entailment
The senators that believed the doctors contacted the athlete .	The doctors contacted the athlete .	non-entailment
The athlete who saw the tourist thanked the artist .	The tourist thanked the artist .	non-entailment
The authors who mentioned the student advised the secretary .	The student advised the secretary .	non-entailment
The secretaries that contacted the senator recognized the banker .	The senator recognized the banker .	non-entailment
The doctors that thanked the athletes performed .	The athletes performed .	non-entailment
The manager that mentioned the secretaries recognized the presidents .	The secretaries recognized the presidents .	non-entailment
The professor who stopped the judges shouted .	The judges shouted .	non-entailment
The senators who advised the secretary believed the student .	The secretary believed the student .	non-entailment
The scientist that encouraged the tourists shouted .	The tourists shouted .	non-entailment
The senator who stopped the secretary shouted .	The secretary shouted .	non-entailment
The students who recommended the president admired the athletes .	The president admired the athletes .	non-entailment
The actor that mentioned the authors slept .	The authors slept .	non-entailment
The presidents that helped the athlete resigned .	The athlete resigned .	non-entailment
The secretaries that helped the student recommended the actors .	The student recommended the actors .	non-entailment
The lawyers that encouraged the presidents arrived .	The presidents arrived .	non-entailment
The doctors who believed the secretary shouted .	The secretary shouted .	non-entailment
The artists that admired the senators supported the athletes .	The senators supported the athletes .	non-entailment
The managers who thanked the athletes encouraged the students .	The athletes encouraged the students .	non-entailment
The scientist that encouraged the tourist mentioned the author .	The tourist mentioned the author .	non-entailment
The banker that saw the president stopped the professors .	The president stopped the professors .	non-entailment
The tourists who recommended the authors avoided the professor .	The authors avoided the professor .	non-entailment
The professors who helped the secretaries mentioned the student .	The secretaries mentioned the student .	non-entailment
The artists who encouraged the presidents ran .	The presidents ran .	non-entailment
The author that thanked the judge resigned .	The judge resigned .	non-entailment
The banker that believed the artist encouraged the author .	The artist encouraged the author .	non-entailment
The scientists who mentioned the students recognized the judge .	The students recognized the judge .	non-entailment
The doctors who helped the artist arrived .	The artist arrived .	non-entailment
The authors that stopped the senators recommended the judge .	The senators recommended the judge .	non-entailment
The artists that recommended the tourist helped the judges .	The tourist helped the judges .	non-entailment
The artist that admired the manager saw the senator .	The manager saw the senator .	non-entailment
The authors who supported the bankers thanked the athlete .	The bankers thanked the athlete .	non-entailment
The senator that called the athletes supported the professors .	The athletes supported the professors .	non-entailment
The senator that recognized the scientist avoided the president .	The scientist avoided the president .	non-entailment
The senators who advised the professors shouted .	The professors shouted .	non-entailment
The authors that recommended the artist slept .	The artist slept .	non-entailment
The president who supported the student recognized the senator .	The student recognized the senator .	non-entailment
The doctor who encouraged the lawyer helped the artists .	The lawyer helped the artists .	non-entailment
The authors who contacted the doctors saw the actor .	The doctors saw the actor .	non-entailment
The lawyer that encouraged the presidents supported the bankers .	The presidents supported the bankers .	non-entailment
The scientists who contacted the secretaries encouraged the senator .	The secretaries encouraged the senator .	non-entailment
The actor that stopped the banker contacted the artists .	The banker contacted the artists .	non-entailment
The athletes who saw the senator recommended the professors .	The senator recommended the professors .	non-entailment
The scientists that stopped the secretaries ran .	The secretaries ran .	non-entailment
The tourist who recognized the actor stopped the students .	The actor stopped the students .	non-entailment
The tourists that helped the professors avoided the lawyers .	The professors avoided the lawyers .	non-entailment
The presidents that introduced the secretary resigned .	The secretary resigned .	non-entailment
The authors who contacted the lawyers avoided the banker .	The lawyers avoided the banker .	non-entailment
The actor who mentioned the athletes advised the president .	The athletes advised the president .	non-entailment
The artists who believed the bankers slept .	The bankers slept .	non-entailment
The scientists who believed the senator recognized the athletes .	The senator recognized the athletes .	non-entailment
The manager that advised the doctor performed .	The doctor performed .	non-entailment
The senator that called the professor danced .	The professor danced .	non-entailment
The athlete that mentioned the manager helped the senator .	The manager helped the senator .	non-entailment
The tourist that thanked the secretaries contacted the athletes .	The secretaries contacted the athletes .	non-entailment
The artists who recommended the presidents called the professors .	The presidents called the professors .	non-entailment
The professors who mentioned the students performed .	The students performed .	non-entailment
The scientist who called the manager thanked the doctor .	The manager thanked the doctor .	non-entailment
The athletes that called the managers contacted the banker .	The managers contacted the banker .	non-entailment
The actor that helped the judge arrived .	The judge arrived .	non-entailment
The judges that encouraged the professor recognized the athlete .	The professor recognized the athlete .	non-entailment
The artists who stopped the student shouted .	The student shouted .	non-entailment
The manager that recognized the scientists supported the athletes .	The scientists supported the athletes .	non-entailment
The senator who recommended the scientists performed .	The scientists performed .	non-entailment
The senators who recognized the president saw the judge .	The president saw the judge .	non-entailment
The student that thanked the athlete recommended the banker .	The athlete recommended the banker .	non-entailment
The judges who recognized the actors helped the tourists .	The actors helped the tourists .	non-entailment
The authors that thanked the tourist advised the artists .	The tourist advised the artists .	non-entailment
The doctor who stopped the manager introduced the authors .	The manager introduced the authors .	non-entailment
The presidents that contacted the bankers avoided the lawyers .	The bankers avoided the lawyers .	non-entailment
The scientists that recommended the president encouraged the actors .	The president encouraged the actors .	non-entailment
The students who introduced the tourists ran .	The tourists ran .	non-entailment
The actor who recognized the managers arrived .	The managers arrived .	non-entailment
The athletes who advised the president thanked the judges .	The president thanked the judges .	non-entailment
The scientists who helped the professors avoided the president .	The professors avoided the president .	non-entailment
The tourist that thanked the managers avoided the scientists .	The managers avoided the scientists .	non-entailment
The tourists that recognized the bankers slept .	The bankers slept .	non-entailment
The judge that called the professor performed .	The professor performed .	non-entailment
The banker who recommended the professors helped the authors .	The professors helped the authors .	non-entailment
The judge who recognized the lawyers stopped the manager .	The lawyers stopped the manager .	non-entailment
The lawyer that mentioned the actor waited .	The actor waited .	non-entailment
The secretaries that mentioned the president recognized the authors .	The president recognized the authors .	non-entailment
The judges that avoided the scientist ran .	The scientist ran .	non-entailment
The judge that thanked the scientists called the secretaries .	The scientists called the secretaries .	non-entailment
The tourists who saw the senator introduced the actors .	The senator introduced the actors .	non-entailment
The professor who thanked the students helped the banker .	The students helped the banker .	non-entailment
The managers that thanked the doctor called the banker .	The doctor called the banker .	non-entailment
The students who thanked the manager saw the scientists .	The manager saw the scientists .	non-entailment
The judge that called the president avoided the athlete .	The president avoided the athlete .	non-entailment
The doctor who believed the banker saw the lawyers .	The banker saw the lawyers .	non-entailment
The student who helped the banker advised the managers .	The banker advised the managers .	non-entailment
The bankers that supported the athlete arrived .	The athlete arrived .	non-entailment
The artist who contacted the author thanked the manager .	The author thanked the manager .	non-entailment
The judge who believed the scientist danced .	The scientist danced .	non-entailment
The scientists who admired the judges encouraged the tourist .	The judges encouraged the tourist .	non-entailment
The athletes that recognized the artist performed .	The artist performed .	non-entailment
The actor that introduced the doctor danced .	The doctor danced .	non-entailment
The actors who mentioned the senators waited .	The senators waited .	non-entailment
The secretary who encouraged the artists contacted the senator .	The artists contacted the senator .	non-entailment
The actor who believed the scientists advised the managers .	The scientists advised the managers .	non-entailment
The actor who mentioned the students introduced the doctors .	The students introduced the doctors .	non-entailment
The doctor who recognized the tourist resigned .	The tourist resigned .	non-entailment
The artists that introduced the doctors called the students .	The doctors called the students .	non-entailment
The presidents who contacted the actor mentioned the professor .	The actor mentioned the professor .	non-entailment
The athletes who recognized the author recommended the judges .	The author recommended the judges .	non-entailment
The secretary that encouraged the author helped the scientists .	The author helped the scientists .	non-entailment
The president that recommended the manager avoided the authors .	The manager avoided the authors .	non-entailment
The judge who advised the artist waited .	The artist waited .	non-entailment
The student that stopped the professor introduced the secretary .	The professor introduced the secretary .	non-entailment
The lawyer who admired the athletes contacted the doctors .	The athletes contacted the doctors .	non-entailment
The senators that mentioned the actors contacted the bankers .	The actors contacted the bankers .	non-entailment
The athlete that advised the senator believed the judges .	The senator believed the judges .	non-entailment
The student who stopped the judges called the actors .	The judges called the actors .	non-entailment
The professor that admired the doctors recognized the senator .	The doctors recognized the senator .	non-entailment
The senators that stopped the managers saw the bankers .	The managers saw the bankers .	non-entailment
The students that recommended the judge recognized the professors .	The judge recognized the professors .	non-entailment
The secretary that recognized the judges slept .	The judges slept .	non-entailment
The bankers that mentioned the judge supported the actor .	The judge supported the actor .	non-entailment
The artists who recognized the presidents advised the banker .	The presidents advised the banker .	non-entailment
The secretaries that supported the senators mentioned the authors .	The senators mentioned the authors .	non-entailment
The professors who introduced the senators contacted the students .	The senators contacted the students .	non-entailment
The presidents that introduced the scientists admired the author .	The scientists admired the author .	non-entailment
The manager that recognized the banker thanked the doctors .	The banker thanked the doctors .	non-entailment
The lawyers that recommended the doctor resigned .	The doctor resigned .	non-entailment
The managers that encouraged the professor called the bankers .	The professor called the bankers .	non-entailment
The athlete who advised the actors ran .	The actors ran .	non-entailment
The judges who supported the managers ran .	The managers ran .	non-entailment
The artists that thanked the students supported the lawyer .	The students supported the lawyer .	non-entailment
The lawyers who encouraged the professor danced .	The professor danced .	non-entailment
The student who contacted the secretaries encouraged the president .	The secretaries encouraged the president .	non-entailment
The students that contacted the senator resigned .	The senator resigned .	non-entailment
The senator who introduced the athlete contacted the actors .	The athlete contacted the actors .	non-entailment
The senators who recognized the secretary supported the professor .	The secretary supported the professor .	non-entailment
The artist that advised the doctors stopped the athlete .	The doctors stopped the athlete .	non-entailment
The lawyer that thanked the secretaries saw the manager .	The secretaries saw the manager .	non-entailment
The students who saw the scientist mentioned the authors .	The scientist mentioned the authors .	non-entailment
The student that advised the secretary danced .	The secretary danced .	non-entailment
The tourist that recommended the professors admired the secretary .	The professors admired the secretary .	non-entailment
The secretary that believed the banker shouted .	The banker shouted .	non-entailment
The scientists who called the lawyer mentioned the president .	The lawyer mentioned the president .	non-entailment
The doctors that helped the scientists performed .	The scientists performed .	non-entailment
The judges who recommended the secretaries stopped the lawyers .	The secretaries stopped the lawyers .	non-entailment
The secretaries who helped the bankers called the actors .	The bankers called the actors .	non-entailment
The athlete who contacted the secretaries stopped the lawyer .	The secretaries stopped the lawyer .	non-entailment
The author that believed the students saw the managers .	The students saw the managers .	non-entailment
The athletes who introduced the tourist recognized the lawyer .	The tourist recognized the lawyer .	non-entailment
The student who supported the author waited .	The author waited .	non-entailment
The secretary that saw the senators called the professors .	The senators called the professors .	non-entailment
The senators that saw the tourist stopped the secretaries .	The tourist stopped the secretaries .	non-entailment
The secretaries who admired the doctor arrived .	The doctor arrived .	non-entailment
The banker who mentioned the artist ran .	The artist ran .	non-entailment
The presidents who supported the author performed .	The author performed .	non-entailment
The student that called the president advised the judges .	The president advised the judges .	non-entailment
The athletes who recognized the scientist mentioned the artist .	The scientist mentioned the artist .	non-entailment
The bankers who mentioned the senators introduced the judges .	The senators introduced the judges .	non-entailment
The senator who recommended the author performed .	The author performed .	non-entailment
The doctor who stopped the manager waited .	The manager waited .	non-entailment
The author that believed the managers supported the actor .	The managers supported the actor .	non-entailment
The athlete that called the banker encouraged the professors .	The banker encouraged the professors .	non-entailment
The senator that mentioned the secretaries thanked the doctors .	The secretaries thanked the doctors .	non-entailment
The professor that recognized the artists ran .	The artists ran .	non-entailment
The judges who admired the presidents encouraged the student .	The presidents encouraged the student .	non-entailment
The banker who contacted the actor advised the artists .	The actor advised the artists .	non-entailment
The doctors who recognized the lawyer mentioned the managers .	The lawyer mentioned the managers .	non-entailment
The managers that believed the doctor arrived .	The doctor arrived .	non-entailment
The scientists that advised the doctors recommended the athletes .	The doctors recommended the athletes .	non-entailment
The scientist who supported the athlete admired the student .	The athlete admired the student .	non-entailment
The students that recognized the banker shouted .	The banker shouted .	non-entailment
The artist that called the lawyers advised the students .	The lawyers advised the students .	non-entailment
The scientist that supported the secretaries recommended the professor .	The secretaries recommended the professor .	non-entailment
The professors who advised the judge thanked the president .	The judge thanked the president .	non-entailment
The managers that recognized the actors admired the tourist .	The actors admired the tourist .	non-entailment
The doctors that advised the banker thanked the artist .	The banker thanked the artist .	non-entailment
The doctors that encouraged the actors saw the athletes .	The actors saw the athletes .	non-entailment
The president who contacted the scientist slept .	The scientist slept .	non-entailment
The senator that supported the manager called the tourists .	The manager called the tourists .	non-entailment
The authors that believed the tourists mentioned the artist .	The tourists mentioned the artist .	non-entailment
The author that avoided the scientists saw the bankers .	The scientists saw the bankers .	non-entailment
The athlete that introduced the scientist thanked the lawyer .	The scientist thanked the lawyer .	non-entailment
The managers who mentioned the bankers introduced the tourists .	The bankers introduced the tourists .	non-entailment
The doctors who avoided the lawyer waited .	The lawyer waited .	non-entailment
The professor who contacted the lawyers ran .	The lawyers ran .	non-entailment
The lawyer that avoided the artist helped the author .	The artist helped the author .	non-entailment
The authors that recognized the artist arrived .	The artist arrived .	non-entailment
The actors that believed the senator avoided the author .	The senator avoided the author .	non-entailment
The tourist that admired the doctor shouted .	The doctor shouted .	non-entailment
The actor that introduced the artists arrived .	The artists arrived .	non-entailment
The artists who saw the managers called the senators .	The managers called the senators .	non-entailment
The scientist that called the actors introduced the doctor .	The actors introduced the doctor .	non-entailment
The senator who thanked the student ran .	The student ran .	non-entailment
The authors that helped the doctors stopped the professors .	The doctors stopped the professors .	non-entailment
The authors that encouraged the presidents thanked the doctors .	The presidents thanked the doctors .	non-entailment
The bankers that recognized the doctor performed .	The doctor performed .	non-entailment
The artist who supported the lawyer thanked the actor .	The lawyer thanked the actor .	non-entailment
The athlete who supported the artists thanked the lawyers .	The artists thanked the lawyers .	non-entailment
The authors who encouraged the doctor admired the manager .	The doctor admired the manager .	non-entailment
The scientist that advised the student encouraged the tourists .	The student encouraged the tourists .	non-entailment
The banker that believed the artist danced .	The artist danced .	non-entailment
The professors that recommended the actors danced .	The actors danced .	non-entailment
The scientists who supported the secretary resigned .	The secretary resigned .	non-entailment
The artists who contacted the doctor waited .	The doctor waited .	non-entailment
The athlete who believed the actors slept .	The actors slept .	non-entailment
The judges that supported the actors shouted .	The actors shouted .	non-entailment
The scientists who avoided the athletes danced .	The athletes danced .	non-entailment
The athletes that recognized the artists encouraged the senator .	The artists encouraged the senator .	non-entailment
The professors that admired the authors waited .	The authors waited .	non-entailment
The student who helped the professor called the scientists .	The professor called the scientists .	non-entailment
The scientist who recognized the tourists saw the actors .	The tourists saw the actors .	non-entailment
The judges that mentioned the secretary performed .	The secretary performed .	non-entailment
The actor who contacted the athletes shouted .	The athletes shouted .	non-entailment
The athletes who introduced the actor avoided the doctor .	The actor avoided the doctor .	non-entailment
The judge that believed the senators shouted .	The senators shouted .	non-entailment
The actor that admired the doctor believed the judges .	The doctor believed the judges .	non-entailment
The actor who thanked the senator danced .	The senator danced .	non-entailment
The banker who avoided the tourist mentioned the artist .	The tourist mentioned the artist .	non-entailment
The lawyers that encouraged the professor saw the authors .	The professor saw the authors .	non-entailment
The actors who introduced the author avoided the scientists .	The author avoided the scientists .	non-entailment
The authors that admired the tourists mentioned the doctor .	The tourists mentioned the doctor .	non-entailment
The doctor who encouraged the lawyer arrived .	The lawyer arrived .	non-entailment
The bankers who helped the judges recommended the presidents .	The judges recommended the presidents .	non-entailment
The banker that helped the artist introduced the secretaries .	The artist introduced the secretaries .	non-entailment
The senators who contacted the bankers recommended the secretaries .	The bankers recommended the secretaries .	non-entailment
The managers who introduced the doctor resigned .	The doctor resigned .	non-entailment
The manager that recommended the author resigned .	The author resigned .	non-entailment
The artist that helped the authors believed the judges .	The authors believed the judges .	non-entailment
The artist who thanked the authors recognized the professors .	The authors recognized the professors .	non-entailment
The judge that introduced the professors encouraged the actors .	The professors encouraged the actors .	non-entailment
The president that recommended the senator thanked the artist .	The senator thanked the artist .	non-entailment
The secretary that thanked the doctor introduced the scientist .	The doctor introduced the scientist .	non-entailment
The senators who mentioned the actor waited .	The actor waited .	non-entailment
The secretary who recognized the tourists supported the senators .	The tourists supported the senators .	non-entailment
The students that saw the senator contacted the scientist .	The senator contacted the scientist .	non-entailment
The presidents who helped the lawyer resigned .	The lawyer resigned .	non-entailment
The artists who believed the scientist danced .	The scientist danced .	non-entailment
The author who mentioned the lawyer thanked the managers .	The lawyer thanked the managers .	non-entailment
The judges who admired the artists introduced the senator .	The artists introduced the senator .	non-entailment
The authors who recommended the tourists contacted the student .	The tourists contacted the student .	non-entailment
The scientist that encouraged the president recognized the athletes .	The president recognized the athletes .	non-entailment
The scientists that supported the author ran .	The author ran .	non-entailment
The student who saw the banker avoided the artist .	The banker avoided the artist .	non-entailment
The authors who supported the presidents waited .	The presidents waited .	non-entailment
The manager that called the senators danced .	The senators danced .	non-entailment
The judges who called the professors encouraged the secretaries .	The professors encouraged the secretaries .	non-entailment
The senator who admired the scientist waited .	The scientist waited .	non-entailment
The presidents who avoided the judges thanked the banker .	The judges thanked the banker .	non-entailment
The judge who contacted the professor stopped the actor .	The professor stopped the actor .	non-entailment
The judge who recommended the professor advised the lawyers .	The professor advised the lawyers .	non-entailment
The professors that supported the student ran .	The student ran .	non-entailment
The athlete who helped the actors thanked the artists .	The actors thanked the artists .	non-entailment
The athlete who avoided the secretaries mentioned the banker .	The secretaries mentioned the banker .	non-entailment
The student that believed the lawyer encouraged the athletes .	The lawyer encouraged the athletes .	non-entailment
The authors that thanked the managers waited .	The managers waited .	non-entailment
The actors that advised the bankers encouraged the managers .	The bankers encouraged the managers .	non-entailment
The tourists that supported the senator slept .	The senator slept .	non-entailment
The president that advised the professor shouted .	The professor shouted .	non-entailment
The doctor who saw the senator danced .	The senator danced .	non-entailment
The senator that contacted the tourists supported the student .	The tourists supported the student .	non-entailment
The professor who helped the students introduced the doctors .	The students introduced the doctors .	non-entailment
The professor that avoided the lawyer introduced the artist .	The lawyer introduced the artist .	non-entailment
The manager that recommended the judge believed the author .	The judge believed the author .	non-entailment
The athletes that admired the judges encouraged the banker .	The judges encouraged the banker .	non-entailment
The bankers that encouraged the president supported the author .	The president supported the author .	non-entailment
The student who advised the athletes ran .	The athletes ran .	non-entailment
The judges who recommended the athletes shouted .	The athletes shouted .	non-entailment
The manager that introduced the doctor recommended the senator .	The doctor recommended the senator .	non-entailment
The professors who advised the judges recommended the athletes .	The judges recommended the athletes .	non-entailment
The actor who recognized the athletes contacted the student .	The athletes contacted the student .	non-entailment
The manager who avoided the banker performed .	The banker performed .	non-entailment
The doctors that believed the authors contacted the student .	The authors contacted the student .	non-entailment
The secretary who stopped the judges ran .	The judges ran .	non-entailment
The actor that encouraged the banker believed the judges .	The banker believed the judges .	non-entailment
The senator that admired the lawyers called the actor .	The lawyers called the actor .	non-entailment
The president that supported the doctor recommended the artists .	The doctor recommended the artists .	non-entailment
The authors that introduced the manager contacted the lawyers .	The manager contacted the lawyers .	non-entailment
The secretary who supported the actors admired the judges .	The actors admired the judges .	non-entailment
The presidents that encouraged the doctor stopped the senators .	The doctor stopped the senators .	non-entailment
The scientist who recognized the authors stopped the senators .	The authors stopped the senators .	non-entailment
The president who supported the actor advised the doctor .	The actor advised the doctor .	non-entailment
The athlete that supported the doctor helped the scientists .	The doctor helped the scientists .	non-entailment
The athletes who thanked the secretaries introduced the bankers .	The secretaries introduced the bankers .	non-entailment
The athletes who helped the actor called the professor .	The actor called the professor .	non-entailment
The professors who admired the student resigned .	The student resigned .	non-entailment
The athletes that supported the students helped the presidents .	The students helped the presidents .	non-entailment
The manager that advised the athletes slept .	The athletes slept .	non-entailment
The doctors who called the presidents saw the tourist .	The presidents saw the tourist .	non-entailment
The professor that avoided the actor thanked the tourists .	The actor thanked the tourists .	non-entailment
The scientists that saw the judges arrived .	The judges arrived .	non-entailment
The athletes that supported the author avoided the tourists .	The author avoided the tourists .	non-entailment
The author who mentioned the presidents admired the lawyer .	The presidents admired the lawyer .	non-entailment
The athlete who thanked the actors arrived .	The actors arrived .	non-entailment
The artist who contacted the doctor saw the lawyers .	The doctor saw the lawyers .	non-entailment
The bankers that called the secretary avoided the tourists .	The secretary avoided the tourists .	non-entailment
The authors who admired the student recommended the doctors .	The student recommended the doctors .	non-entailment
The lawyers that mentioned the student advised the actors .	The student advised the actors .	non-entailment
The authors who believed the lawyers supported the artists .	The lawyers supported the artists .	non-entailment
The actors that thanked the senators contacted the judge .	The senators contacted the judge .	non-entailment
The professors that supported the tourists believed the athlete .	The tourists believed the athlete .	non-entailment
The presidents who called the senators mentioned the doctors .	The senators mentioned the doctors .	non-entailment
The senators that believed the lawyer arrived .	The lawyer arrived .	non-entailment
The professors who recommended the doctor believed the secretaries .	The doctor believed the secretaries .	non-entailment
The lawyers that contacted the doctors avoided the student .	The doctors avoided the student .	non-entailment
The senators that contacted the student ran .	The student ran .	non-entailment
The authors that admired the tourists avoided the judge .	The tourists avoided the judge .	non-entailment
The artist who contacted the scientist avoided the athletes .	The scientist avoided the athletes .	non-entailment
The athlete that avoided the tourists introduced the senator .	The tourists introduced the senator .	non-entailment
The tourist who thanked the professor shouted .	The professor shouted .	non-entailment
The professor who thanked the doctors performed .	The doctors performed .	non-entailment
The secretaries that encouraged the actor avoided the professor .	The actor avoided the professor .	non-entailment
The professor who recommended the judges admired the scientists .	The judges admired the scientists .	non-entailment
The secretaries that admired the professors mentioned the presidents .	The professors mentioned the presidents .	non-entailment
The judge that helped the artist resigned .	The artist resigned .	non-entailment
The judge that introduced the banker avoided the professors .	The banker avoided the professors .	non-entailment
The doctor that helped the judge recognized the scientists .	The judge recognized the scientists .	non-entailment
The president who helped the artist advised the athlete .	The artist advised the athlete .	non-entailment
The professor that admired the judge waited .	The judge waited .	non-entailment
The authors that supported the artists advised the president .	The artists advised the president .	non-entailment
The scientists who admired the president called the banker .	The president called the banker .	non-entailment
The actor who saw the lawyers resigned .	The lawyers resigned .	non-entailment
The lawyer that encouraged the senator thanked the manager .	The senator thanked the manager .	non-entailment
The banker who avoided the athlete ran .	The athlete ran .	non-entailment
The senator who supported the lawyers resigned .	The lawyers resigned .	non-entailment
The scientist that thanked the artist saw the senator .	The artist saw the senator .	non-entailment
The judge who thanked the professors ran .	The professors ran .	non-entailment
The artist who avoided the student contacted the tourist .	The student contacted the tourist .	non-entailment
The senators who called the doctor performed .	The doctor performed .	non-entailment
The judge who introduced the presidents recommended the scientist .	The presidents recommended the scientist .	non-entailment
The lawyers who encouraged the professors avoided the judge .	The professors avoided the judge .	non-entailment
The athletes who contacted the authors believed the student .	The authors believed the student .	non-entailment
The secretary that stopped the tourist introduced the students .	The tourist introduced the students .	non-entailment
The scientists that recognized the professors mentioned the presidents .	The professors mentioned the presidents .	non-entailment
The students who called the senators arrived .	The senators arrived .	non-entailment
The actor that encouraged the managers admired the author .	The managers admired the author .	non-entailment
The student who contacted the managers shouted .	The managers shouted .	non-entailment
The manager that introduced the professor recognized the judges .	The professor recognized the judges .	non-entailment
The student who contacted the presidents resigned .	The presidents resigned .	non-entailment
The judges who helped the senators resigned .	The senators resigned .	non-entailment
The secretary that contacted the artists shouted .	The artists shouted .	non-entailment
The student who believed the president stopped the judges .	The president stopped the judges .	non-entailment
The secretary that contacted the doctors slept .	The doctors slept .	non-entailment
The artists that avoided the author recommended the doctor .	The author recommended the doctor .	non-entailment
The judges that saw the students supported the secretaries .	The students supported the secretaries .	non-entailment
The actors who called the author believed the senator .	The author believed the senator .	non-entailment
The authors who encouraged the actors waited .	The actors waited .	non-entailment
The manager who recognized the senator believed the athletes .	The senator believed the athletes .	non-entailment
The doctor that admired the senator arrived .	The senator arrived .	non-entailment
The presidents who avoided the artist shouted .	The artist shouted .	non-entailment
The tourist that advised the scientists recognized the secretary .	The scientists recognized the secretary .	non-entailment
The bankers who admired the secretary ran .	The secretary ran .	non-entailment
The actors that mentioned the scientist supported the student .	The scientist supported the student .	non-entailment
The athletes that advised the artist recommended the judge .	The artist recommended the judge .	non-entailment
The professors that recognized the scientist recommended the secretary .	The scientist recommended the secretary .	non-entailment
The president who believed the authors contacted the secretaries .	The authors contacted the secretaries .	non-entailment
The authors that helped the lawyers called the presidents .	The lawyers called the presidents .	non-entailment
The student that saw the bankers recommended the athlete .	The bankers recommended the athlete .	non-entailment
The president who avoided the athletes called the judge .	The athletes called the judge .	non-entailment
The senators who stopped the secretaries performed .	The secretaries performed .	non-entailment
The secretary that called the scientist performed .	The scientist performed .	non-entailment
The president that advised the artists mentioned the students .	The artists mentioned the students .	non-entailment
The athletes that supported the artist recognized the doctors .	The artist recognized the doctors .	non-entailment
The artists that helped the banker recognized the tourist .	The banker recognized the tourist .	non-entailment
The artist who helped the professor saw the senator .	The professor saw the senator .	non-entailment
The secretary that introduced the athlete waited .	The athlete waited .	non-entailment
The secretary that stopped the athlete resigned .	The athlete resigned .	non-entailment
The authors that admired the professors performed .	The professors performed .	non-entailment
The president who stopped the judges waited .	The judges waited .	non-entailment
The secretary who contacted the manager called the lawyers .	The manager called the lawyers .	non-entailment
The author who introduced the doctor supported the secretaries .	The doctor supported the secretaries .	non-entailment
The athlete who helped the secretary contacted the actor .	The secretary contacted the actor .	non-entailment
The secretary who saw the manager encouraged the athlete .	The manager encouraged the athlete .	non-entailment
The senator who contacted the secretaries recognized the actors .	The secretaries recognized the actors .	non-entailment
The secretaries who contacted the athletes advised the judges .	The athletes advised the judges .	non-entailment
The president who contacted the student shouted .	The student shouted .	non-entailment
The doctors who encouraged the senators avoided the scientists .	The senators avoided the scientists .	non-entailment
The bankers who called the judges shouted .	The judges shouted .	non-entailment
The judge that called the artist mentioned the banker .	The artist mentioned the banker .	non-entailment
The athletes that contacted the doctor mentioned the professors .	The doctor mentioned the professors .	non-entailment
The doctor that avoided the athletes resigned .	The athletes resigned .	non-entailment
The managers who believed the tourists recommended the doctors .	The tourists recommended the doctors .	non-entailment
The athlete that called the tourists stopped the bankers .	The tourists stopped the bankers .	non-entailment
The president that admired the professors danced .	The professors danced .	non-entailment
The doctors that thanked the manager believed the actors .	The manager believed the actors .	non-entailment
The secretary who supported the president believed the professor .	The president believed the professor .	non-entailment
The president that mentioned the judges waited .	The judges waited .	non-entailment
The bankers who believed the managers saw the student .	The managers saw the student .	non-entailment
The doctor who saw the presidents encouraged the manager .	The presidents encouraged the manager .	non-entailment
The managers who called the president arrived .	The president arrived .	non-entailment
The actors who recommended the senator ran .	The senator ran .	non-entailment
The artists who called the tourist recommended the presidents .	The tourist recommended the presidents .	non-entailment
The secretary that mentioned the professor recommended the actors .	The professor recommended the actors .	non-entailment
The president who thanked the author recommended the secretaries .	The author recommended the secretaries .	non-entailment
The tourists that encouraged the judge admired the actors .	The judge admired the actors .	non-entailment
The judge who introduced the scientists waited .	The scientists waited .	non-entailment
The secretaries who recognized the managers saw the athletes .	The managers saw the athletes .	non-entailment
The artists that saw the athlete stopped the authors .	The athlete stopped the authors .	non-entailment
The tourist that called the athletes recognized the students .	The athletes recognized the students .	non-entailment
The actor that saw the senator mentioned the doctor .	The senator mentioned the doctor .	non-entailment
The author who thanked the professor arrived .	The professor arrived .	non-entailment
The authors who saw the scientists called the athlete .	The scientists called the athlete .	non-entailment
The author that helped the president danced .	The president danced .	non-entailment
The scientists who believed the artists supported the doctor .	The artists supported the doctor .	non-entailment
The bankers that advised the doctor mentioned the athlete .	The doctor mentioned the athlete .	non-entailment
The professors that admired the secretaries helped the students .	The secretaries helped the students .	non-entailment
The scientist that thanked the banker resigned .	The banker resigned .	non-entailment
The artist who supported the judge helped the students .	The judge helped the students .	non-entailment
The managers that supported the lawyers danced .	The lawyers danced .	non-entailment
The students that helped the actor encouraged the author .	The actor encouraged the author .	non-entailment
The professor that called the judges recommended the actors .	The judges recommended the actors .	non-entailment
The artists that contacted the student supported the judges .	The student supported the judges .	non-entailment
The scientist that supported the professors advised the judges .	The professors advised the judges .	non-entailment
The student who recommended the lawyers arrived .	The lawyers arrived .	non-entailment
The scientists that advised the doctors avoided the lawyer .	The doctors avoided the lawyer .	non-entailment
The manager that recognized the professors avoided the scientists .	The professors avoided the scientists .	non-entailment
The professor who recognized the judges danced .	The judges danced .	non-entailment
The doctor that supported the scientists helped the secretaries .	The scientists helped the secretaries .	non-entailment
The doctors who contacted the athlete arrived .	The athlete arrived .	non-entailment
The students that mentioned the lawyers shouted .	The lawyers shouted .	non-entailment
The bankers who believed the tourist slept .	The tourist slept .	non-entailment
The professors who saw the artist performed .	The artist performed .	non-entailment
The lawyers who recommended the authors performed .	The authors performed .	non-entailment
The artist that recommended the lawyer arrived .	The lawyer arrived .	non-entailment
The students who helped the bankers resigned .	The bankers resigned .	non-entailment
The banker who believed the presidents recommended the authors .	The presidents recommended the authors .	non-entailment
The authors who encouraged the secretary arrived .	The secretary arrived .	non-entailment
The tourists who contacted the managers admired the doctor .	The managers admired the doctor .	non-entailment
The secretary who called the professor stopped the athlete .	The professor stopped the athlete .	non-entailment
The secretary that mentioned the lawyer believed the doctors .	The lawyer believed the doctors .	non-entailment
The scientist that stopped the athlete admired the presidents .	The athlete admired the presidents .	non-entailment
The president who recommended the manager supported the actor .	The manager supported the actor .	non-entailment
The student that contacted the author waited .	The author waited .	non-entailment
The lawyers that saw the judge resigned .	The judge resigned .	non-entailment
The doctor that encouraged the scientists recognized the athletes .	The scientists recognized the athletes .	non-entailment
The actor who contacted the tourist advised the students .	The tourist advised the students .	non-entailment
The athletes that contacted the secretary recognized the authors .	The secretary recognized the authors .	non-entailment
The doctors who believed the judge saw the tourist .	The judge saw the tourist .	non-entailment
The scientists that contacted the actors resigned .	The actors resigned .	non-entailment
The athletes who helped the lawyer thanked the author .	The lawyer thanked the author .	non-entailment
The senators who advised the students introduced the lawyers .	The students introduced the lawyers .	non-entailment
The artist who encouraged the manager stopped the president .	The manager stopped the president .	non-entailment
The author who mentioned the actors arrived .	The actors arrived .	non-entailment
The managers that believed the senator ran .	The senator ran .	non-entailment
The professor that called the president helped the doctor .	The president helped the doctor .	non-entailment
The senators that avoided the professors resigned .	The professors resigned .	non-entailment
The athlete who admired the actors supported the president .	The actors supported the president .	non-entailment
The managers that introduced the author avoided the professors .	The author avoided the professors .	non-entailment
The presidents who thanked the senator mentioned the managers .	The senator mentioned the managers .	non-entailment
The president that believed the managers thanked the lawyers .	The managers thanked the lawyers .	non-entailment
The bankers who recommended the president mentioned the artists .	The president mentioned the artists .	non-entailment
The senator who avoided the secretaries mentioned the scientist .	The secretaries mentioned the scientist .	non-entailment
The president that encouraged the scientist mentioned the doctor .	The scientist mentioned the doctor .	non-entailment
The bankers that helped the tourist arrived .	The tourist arrived .	non-entailment
The authors that stopped the professor recognized the secretaries .	The professor recognized the secretaries .	non-entailment
The tourist who called the scientist shouted .	The scientist shouted .	non-entailment
The president that thanked the senators advised the scientist .	The senators advised the scientist .	non-entailment
The actors that introduced the secretaries performed .	The secretaries performed .	non-entailment
The manager that stopped the secretary slept .	The secretary slept .	non-entailment
The lawyer that introduced the managers shouted .	The managers shouted .	non-entailment
The senators that called the doctor performed .	The doctor performed .	non-entailment
The athletes that admired the doctor shouted .	The doctor shouted .	non-entailment
The bankers who recommended the judge shouted .	The judge shouted .	non-entailment
The manager that mentioned the tourist waited .	The tourist waited .	non-entailment
The athletes who saw the professors performed .	The professors performed .	non-entailment
The professor who introduced the doctors recognized the secretaries .	The doctors recognized the secretaries .	non-entailment
The president that introduced the banker believed the tourist .	The banker believed the tourist .	non-entailment
The presidents that recommended the judges resigned .	The judges resigned .	non-entailment
The secretary that encouraged the artists danced .	The artists danced .	non-entailment
The presidents that helped the author performed .	The author performed .	non-entailment
The students who called the actor shouted .	The actor shouted .	non-entailment
The presidents that recognized the students saw the professors .	The students saw the professors .	non-entailment
The senator that helped the president contacted the judges .	The president contacted the judges .	non-entailment
The senator that recommended the professors mentioned the actors .	The professors mentioned the actors .	non-entailment
The lawyer that saw the judge supported the presidents .	The judge supported the presidents .	non-entailment
The actor who admired the banker shouted .	The banker shouted .	non-entailment
The artists that believed the managers slept .	The managers slept .	non-entailment
The secretaries that recognized the scientist saw the bankers .	The scientist saw the bankers .	non-entailment
The scientists who called the secretary waited .	The secretary waited .	non-entailment
The athlete that admired the scientist danced .	The scientist danced .	non-entailment
The judges that mentioned the doctor contacted the professor .	The doctor contacted the professor .	non-entailment
The artists that mentioned the president recognized the secretary .	The president recognized the secretary .	non-entailment
The managers who believed the senator encouraged the professor .	The senator encouraged the professor .	non-entailment
The secretaries that stopped the student encouraged the professor .	The student encouraged the professor .	non-entailment
The athlete who avoided the manager thanked the secretaries .	The manager thanked the secretaries .	non-entailment
The judges who stopped the athletes shouted .	The athletes shouted .	non-entailment
The authors who supported the scientists mentioned the actor .	The scientists mentioned the actor .	non-entailment
The president that believed the student helped the professors .	The student helped the professors .	non-entailment
The judges who saw the lawyer ran .	The lawyer ran .	non-entailment
The lawyer that thanked the managers mentioned the students .	The managers mentioned the students .	non-entailment
The lawyer who believed the manager saw the actor .	The manager saw the actor .	non-entailment
The students who avoided the authors helped the actor .	The authors helped the actor .	non-entailment
The tourists who recognized the senator encouraged the actor .	The senator encouraged the actor .	non-entailment
The lawyers that advised the artists recommended the students .	The artists recommended the students .	non-entailment
The manager who recommended the senator slept .	The senator slept .	non-entailment
The actor who avoided the banker supported the senators .	The banker supported the senators .	non-entailment
The bankers that saw the artists shouted .	The artists shouted .	non-entailment
The scientist that called the bankers mentioned the judges .	The bankers mentioned the judges .	non-entailment
The scientist who mentioned the tourists recommended the manager .	The tourists recommended the manager .	non-entailment
The judge that thanked the athletes avoided the students .	The athletes avoided the students .	non-entailment
The lawyer that recognized the artist contacted the doctors .	The artist contacted the doctors .	non-entailment
The presidents that saw the secretaries introduced the actors .	The secretaries introduced the actors .	non-entailment
The tourists that stopped the bankers arrived .	The bankers arrived .	non-entailment
The bankers that introduced the professor performed .	The professor performed .	non-entailment
The tourists who avoided the athletes recognized the president .	The athletes recognized the president .	non-entailment
The managers who called the scientist ran .	The scientist ran .	non-entailment
The senators who recognized the scientist helped the athlete .	The scientist helped the athlete .	non-entailment
The athlete that helped the presidents advised the secretaries .	The presidents advised the secretaries .	non-entailment
The artists that thanked the doctor performed .	The doctor performed .	non-entailment
The artists that helped the bankers advised the managers .	The bankers advised the managers .	non-entailment
The manager that believed the author advised the judges .	The author advised the judges .	non-entailment
The professors who stopped the judges shouted .	The judges shouted .	non-entailment
The senators that recommended the president called the doctor .	The president called the doctor .	non-entailment
The professors that believed the senator ran .	The senator ran .	non-entailment
The judges who helped the senator danced .	The senator danced .	non-entailment
The lawyer that recommended the doctor shouted .	The doctor shouted .	non-entailment
The scientists who avoided the tourist waited .	The tourist waited .	non-entailment
The senator that mentioned the tourist thanked the athletes .	The tourist thanked the athletes .	non-entailment
The judges who mentioned the president supported the professor .	The president supported the professor .	non-entailment
The presidents that supported the student helped the doctors .	The student helped the doctors .	non-entailment
The senator who recognized the doctors ran .	The doctors ran .	non-entailment
The manager who avoided the student performed .	The student performed .	non-entailment
The professor who recognized the athletes stopped the actor .	The athletes stopped the actor .	non-entailment
The doctors that advised the actors danced .	The actors danced .	non-entailment
The actor who helped the tourist resigned .	The tourist resigned .	non-entailment
The senators who introduced the manager mentioned the lawyers .	The manager mentioned the lawyers .	non-entailment
The scientists that contacted the secretaries resigned .	The secretaries resigned .	non-entailment
The bankers who helped the student mentioned the secretaries .	The student mentioned the secretaries .	non-entailment
The tourists that thanked the judges admired the manager .	The judges admired the manager .	non-entailment
The artist that believed the judges contacted the lawyers .	The judges contacted the lawyers .	non-entailment
The professor that advised the athletes shouted .	The athletes shouted .	non-entailment
The president who admired the secretaries slept .	The secretaries slept .	non-entailment
The lawyer who contacted the professor avoided the athletes .	The professor avoided the athletes .	non-entailment
The tourists who recognized the president saw the lawyers .	The president saw the lawyers .	non-entailment
The lawyer that thanked the authors avoided the judge .	The authors avoided the judge .	non-entailment
The president that saw the athlete advised the artist .	The athlete advised the artist .	non-entailment
The athletes that recommended the professors ran .	The professors ran .	non-entailment
The managers that saw the professor admired the senator .	The professor admired the senator .	non-entailment
The lawyer that recommended the manager helped the bankers .	The manager helped the bankers .	non-entailment
The athletes that mentioned the students saw the judge .	The students saw the judge .	non-entailment
The bankers that encouraged the author introduced the doctors .	The author introduced the doctors .	non-entailment
The athlete who admired the authors helped the artists .	The authors helped the artists .	non-entailment
The manager who contacted the scientists shouted .	The scientists shouted .	non-entailment
The actors who introduced the tourist avoided the professor .	The tourist avoided the professor .	non-entailment
The scientist who stopped the authors saw the judge .	The authors saw the judge .	non-entailment
The senator that recognized the tourist saw the judges .	The tourist saw the judges .	non-entailment
The judge that avoided the actor advised the authors .	The actor advised the authors .	non-entailment
The doctor that encouraged the senators resigned .	The senators resigned .	non-entailment
The actor who recommended the athletes slept .	The athletes slept .	non-entailment
The lawyers that recommended the judge arrived .	The judge arrived .	non-entailment
The secretaries who supported the bankers recognized the actors .	The bankers recognized the actors .	non-entailment
The student who believed the lawyer performed .	The lawyer performed .	non-entailment
The athlete who admired the lawyers recognized the student .	The lawyers recognized the student .	non-entailment
The athletes who recognized the scientist avoided the banker .	The scientist avoided the banker .	non-entailment
The authors that helped the students performed .	The students performed .	non-entailment
The tourists who admired the student recognized the professors .	The student recognized the professors .	non-entailment
The manager that recognized the athlete ran .	The athlete ran .	non-entailment
The authors who thanked the senator helped the athletes .	The senator helped the athletes .	non-entailment
The artist who introduced the manager contacted the tourists .	The manager contacted the tourists .	non-entailment
The judges that avoided the secretaries performed .	The secretaries performed .	non-entailment
The scientist presented in the school stopped the artists .	The scientist presented in the school .	non-entailment
The athletes presented in the library mentioned the secretary .	The athletes presented in the library .	non-entailment
The senators paid in the office danced .	The senators paid in the office .	non-entailment
The tourists helped in the library admired the authors .	The tourists helped in the library .	non-entailment
The scientist contacted the manager investigated in the office .	The manager investigated in the office .	non-entailment
The bankers paid in the office ran .	The bankers paid in the office .	non-entailment
The author investigated in the library danced .	The author investigated in the library .	non-entailment
The doctor presented in the library saw the president .	The doctor presented in the library .	non-entailment
The student paid in the museum mentioned the professors .	The student paid in the museum .	non-entailment
The senators helped in the library waited .	The senators helped in the library .	non-entailment
The actor helped the managers presented in the laboratory .	The managers presented in the laboratory .	non-entailment
The scientists studied in the office thanked the judge .	The scientists studied in the office .	non-entailment
The doctor investigated in the museum contacted the lawyer .	The doctor investigated in the museum .	non-entailment
The lawyers stopped the doctor paid in the laboratory .	The doctor paid in the laboratory .	non-entailment
The artist studied in the office arrived .	The artist studied in the office .	non-entailment
The scientist presented in the office called the doctors .	The scientist presented in the office .	non-entailment
The students admired the artists paid in the museum .	The artists paid in the museum .	non-entailment
The tourist studied in the library encouraged the authors .	The tourist studied in the library .	non-entailment
The actor paid in the laboratory helped the scientists .	The actor paid in the laboratory .	non-entailment
The senator presented in the office slept .	The senator presented in the office .	non-entailment
The student investigated in the laboratory shouted .	The student investigated in the laboratory .	non-entailment
The manager recommended the student investigated in the library .	The student investigated in the library .	non-entailment
The author admired the artist presented in the library .	The artist presented in the library .	non-entailment
The presidents investigated in the laboratory admired the secretaries .	The presidents investigated in the laboratory .	non-entailment
The banker paid in the museum admired the judge .	The banker paid in the museum .	non-entailment
The tourists investigated in the school admired the banker .	The tourists investigated in the school .	non-entailment
The scientist admired the senators paid in the laboratory .	The senators paid in the laboratory .	non-entailment
The actor investigated in the office recognized the artists .	The actor investigated in the office .	non-entailment
The professor studied in the museum danced .	The professor studied in the museum .	non-entailment
The tourist believed the artists investigated in the library .	The artists investigated in the library .	non-entailment
The bankers paid in the laboratory called the scientists .	The bankers paid in the laboratory .	non-entailment
The banker advised the actor helped in the laboratory .	The actor helped in the laboratory .	non-entailment
The actors advised the authors studied in the library .	The authors studied in the library .	non-entailment
The student studied in the library called the doctors .	The student studied in the library .	non-entailment
The author studied in the museum saw the presidents .	The author studied in the museum .	non-entailment
The student believed the tourists investigated in the library .	The tourists investigated in the library .	non-entailment
The secretaries investigated in the laboratory slept .	The secretaries investigated in the laboratory .	non-entailment
The author presented in the museum danced .	The author presented in the museum .	non-entailment
The judge contacted the president studied in the museum .	The president studied in the museum .	non-entailment
The manager studied in the library advised the author .	The manager studied in the library .	non-entailment
The president studied in the office introduced the artist .	The president studied in the office .	non-entailment
The banker studied in the library introduced the senator .	The banker studied in the library .	non-entailment
The actor introduced the professor helped in the office .	The professor helped in the office .	non-entailment
The lawyer studied in the laboratory mentioned the secretary .	The lawyer studied in the laboratory .	non-entailment
The presidents contacted the managers studied in the museum .	The managers studied in the museum .	non-entailment
The president advised the author paid in the library .	The author paid in the library .	non-entailment
The tourists paid in the library introduced the lawyers .	The tourists paid in the library .	non-entailment
The senator mentioned the actors presented in the school .	The actors presented in the school .	non-entailment
The president studied in the library slept .	The president studied in the library .	non-entailment
The secretaries encouraged the scientist paid in the school .	The scientist paid in the school .	non-entailment
The scientist presented in the museum contacted the secretaries .	The scientist presented in the museum .	non-entailment
The actor mentioned the lawyer studied in the library .	The lawyer studied in the library .	non-entailment
The student studied in the library danced .	The student studied in the library .	non-entailment
The scientist studied in the school danced .	The scientist studied in the school .	non-entailment
The authors advised the managers helped in the office .	The managers helped in the office .	non-entailment
The lawyer presented in the office avoided the artists .	The lawyer presented in the office .	non-entailment
The judges investigated in the library saw the senators .	The judges investigated in the library .	non-entailment
The students paid in the laboratory avoided the tourist .	The students paid in the laboratory .	non-entailment
The senator studied in the school ran .	The senator studied in the school .	non-entailment
The bankers presented in the office slept .	The bankers presented in the office .	non-entailment
The judges supported the artist helped in the office .	The artist helped in the office .	non-entailment
The professor advised the author presented in the library .	The author presented in the library .	non-entailment
The students studied in the museum slept .	The students studied in the museum .	non-entailment
The managers helped in the office ran .	The managers helped in the office .	non-entailment
The actors avoided the president paid in the library .	The president paid in the library .	non-entailment
The tourists recommended the president paid in the laboratory .	The president paid in the laboratory .	non-entailment
The authors helped in the school performed .	The authors helped in the school .	non-entailment
The judges studied in the school mentioned the student .	The judges studied in the school .	non-entailment
The secretary contacted the student paid in the school .	The student paid in the school .	non-entailment
The actor advised the senator paid in the office .	The senator paid in the office .	non-entailment
The actor paid in the museum introduced the scientists .	The actor paid in the museum .	non-entailment
The judges paid in the library slept .	The judges paid in the library .	non-entailment
The senator supported the banker studied in the museum .	The banker studied in the museum .	non-entailment
The tourist stopped the secretary studied in the library .	The secretary studied in the library .	non-entailment
The actor contacted the president investigated in the laboratory .	The president investigated in the laboratory .	non-entailment
The scientists presented in the school recognized the actors .	The scientists presented in the school .	non-entailment
The judges recognized the artists helped in the library .	The artists helped in the library .	non-entailment
The presidents presented in the laboratory arrived .	The presidents presented in the laboratory .	non-entailment
The presidents contacted the author helped in the laboratory .	The author helped in the laboratory .	non-entailment
The tourists presented in the office introduced the doctors .	The tourists presented in the office .	non-entailment
The secretaries investigated in the museum recognized the presidents .	The secretaries investigated in the museum .	non-entailment
The professor avoided the presidents paid in the library .	The presidents paid in the library .	non-entailment
The athlete avoided the artist presented in the museum .	The artist presented in the museum .	non-entailment
The senator studied in the school advised the bankers .	The senator studied in the school .	non-entailment
The bankers encouraged the lawyers helped in the museum .	The lawyers helped in the museum .	non-entailment
The authors contacted the professors helped in the museum .	The professors helped in the museum .	non-entailment
The authors helped in the school called the managers .	The authors helped in the school .	non-entailment
The senator helped in the library shouted .	The senator helped in the library .	non-entailment
The banker recommended the tourists studied in the library .	The tourists studied in the library .	non-entailment
The authors studied in the office waited .	The authors studied in the office .	non-entailment
The artist advised the secretary paid in the museum .	The secretary paid in the museum .	non-entailment
The athletes investigated in the library mentioned the scientists .	The athletes investigated in the library .	non-entailment
The artist helped the doctors investigated in the office .	The doctors investigated in the office .	non-entailment
The authors helped in the school avoided the doctors .	The authors helped in the school .	non-entailment
The secretaries investigated in the office performed .	The secretaries investigated in the office .	non-entailment
The artist presented in the library avoided the actors .	The artist presented in the library .	non-entailment
The author admired the students investigated in the office .	The students investigated in the office .	non-entailment
The secretaries studied in the laboratory helped the judges .	The secretaries studied in the laboratory .	non-entailment
The lawyer investigated in the office avoided the banker .	The lawyer investigated in the office .	non-entailment
The professor helped in the office thanked the scientist .	The professor helped in the office .	non-entailment
The athlete investigated in the museum shouted .	The athlete investigated in the museum .	non-entailment
The artist investigated in the library saw the actor .	The artist investigated in the library .	non-entailment
The doctors helped in the laboratory supported the scientists .	The doctors helped in the laboratory .	non-entailment
The tourists presented in the museum resigned .	The tourists presented in the museum .	non-entailment
The artists studied in the school arrived .	The artists studied in the school .	non-entailment
The lawyers helped in the museum introduced the secretaries .	The lawyers helped in the museum .	non-entailment
The senators paid in the library waited .	The senators paid in the library .	non-entailment
The judge supported the secretaries paid in the school .	The secretaries paid in the school .	non-entailment
The judges paid in the laboratory waited .	The judges paid in the laboratory .	non-entailment
The tourist thanked the artists studied in the library .	The artists studied in the library .	non-entailment
The senator helped in the library called the tourists .	The senator helped in the library .	non-entailment
The senator supported the doctor presented in the office .	The doctor presented in the office .	non-entailment
The professors thanked the tourists presented in the museum .	The tourists presented in the museum .	non-entailment
The secretaries paid in the museum resigned .	The secretaries paid in the museum .	non-entailment
The students helped in the museum shouted .	The students helped in the museum .	non-entailment
The athlete paid in the library supported the doctors .	The athlete paid in the library .	non-entailment
The artists investigated in the library stopped the scientists .	The artists investigated in the library .	non-entailment
The tourists called the senators investigated in the museum .	The senators investigated in the museum .	non-entailment
The student studied in the museum thanked the scientist .	The student studied in the museum .	non-entailment
The doctor paid in the library shouted .	The doctor paid in the library .	non-entailment
The authors investigated in the museum shouted .	The authors investigated in the museum .	non-entailment
The professor helped in the museum introduced the authors .	The professor helped in the museum .	non-entailment
The scientist advised the students helped in the office .	The students helped in the office .	non-entailment
The scientists studied in the school saw the judge .	The scientists studied in the school .	non-entailment
The doctor investigated in the school advised the banker .	The doctor investigated in the school .	non-entailment
The athlete investigated in the museum arrived .	The athlete investigated in the museum .	non-entailment
The bankers avoided the manager helped in the museum .	The manager helped in the museum .	non-entailment
The senators investigated in the office saw the scientist .	The senators investigated in the office .	non-entailment
The banker admired the secretary helped in the school .	The secretary helped in the school .	non-entailment
The scientists presented in the library stopped the author .	The scientists presented in the library .	non-entailment
The authors studied in the school shouted .	The authors studied in the school .	non-entailment
The artists investigated in the school recognized the judge .	The artists investigated in the school .	non-entailment
The artist mentioned the bankers presented in the museum .	The bankers presented in the museum .	non-entailment
The managers supported the doctor investigated in the school .	The doctor investigated in the school .	non-entailment
The presidents avoided the doctors helped in the museum .	The doctors helped in the museum .	non-entailment
The students recognized the author studied in the laboratory .	The author studied in the laboratory .	non-entailment
The doctor encouraged the scientist studied in the school .	The scientist studied in the school .	non-entailment
The author presented in the museum stopped the athletes .	The author presented in the museum .	non-entailment
The tourists recognized the judges paid in the laboratory .	The judges paid in the laboratory .	non-entailment
The authors helped in the laboratory shouted .	The authors helped in the laboratory .	non-entailment
The doctor paid in the laboratory waited .	The doctor paid in the laboratory .	non-entailment
The judges advised the athletes studied in the office .	The athletes studied in the office .	non-entailment
The doctors paid in the laboratory contacted the actors .	The doctors paid in the laboratory .	non-entailment
The tourists encouraged the secretaries paid in the laboratory .	The secretaries paid in the laboratory .	non-entailment
The scientist supported the students helped in the office .	The students helped in the office .	non-entailment
The author recommended the athlete investigated in the museum .	The athlete investigated in the museum .	non-entailment
The author avoided the scientists presented in the office .	The scientists presented in the office .	non-entailment
The professor investigated in the office waited .	The professor investigated in the office .	non-entailment
The professors presented in the laboratory supported the senators .	The professors presented in the laboratory .	non-entailment
The author presented in the library thanked the doctors .	The author presented in the library .	non-entailment
The bankers presented in the library danced .	The bankers presented in the library .	non-entailment
The professor presented in the laboratory resigned .	The professor presented in the laboratory .	non-entailment
The actors mentioned the artists presented in the office .	The artists presented in the office .	non-entailment
The lawyers supported the authors helped in the school .	The authors helped in the school .	non-entailment
The athlete helped in the laboratory performed .	The athlete helped in the laboratory .	non-entailment
The professor helped in the museum waited .	The professor helped in the museum .	non-entailment
The professors investigated in the library encouraged the actor .	The professors investigated in the library .	non-entailment
The president presented in the school encouraged the tourist .	The president presented in the school .	non-entailment
The student helped in the office resigned .	The student helped in the office .	non-entailment
The bankers paid in the school contacted the secretary .	The bankers paid in the school .	non-entailment
The lawyer helped in the office recommended the manager .	The lawyer helped in the office .	non-entailment
The artist avoided the author paid in the laboratory .	The author paid in the laboratory .	non-entailment
The senators helped in the school shouted .	The senators helped in the school .	non-entailment
The tourists introduced the bankers investigated in the office .	The bankers investigated in the office .	non-entailment
The judge called the bankers paid in the school .	The bankers paid in the school .	non-entailment
The professors helped in the school called the artist .	The professors helped in the school .	non-entailment
The president helped in the laboratory contacted the artist .	The president helped in the laboratory .	non-entailment
The lawyers saw the students studied in the office .	The students studied in the office .	non-entailment
The judge studied in the laboratory believed the actor .	The judge studied in the laboratory .	non-entailment
The students recognized the presidents investigated in the school .	The presidents investigated in the school .	non-entailment
The students recommended the author investigated in the museum .	The author investigated in the museum .	non-entailment
The judges presented in the library saw the bankers .	The judges presented in the library .	non-entailment
The judges encouraged the authors studied in the laboratory .	The authors studied in the laboratory .	non-entailment
The secretary investigated in the office resigned .	The secretary investigated in the office .	non-entailment
The athletes admired the scientists investigated in the school .	The scientists investigated in the school .	non-entailment
The authors studied in the school danced .	The authors studied in the school .	non-entailment
The tourists investigated in the school danced .	The tourists investigated in the school .	non-entailment
The tourist called the student studied in the museum .	The student studied in the museum .	non-entailment
The doctor helped in the school called the author .	The doctor helped in the school .	non-entailment
The doctors paid in the museum introduced the actors .	The doctors paid in the museum .	non-entailment
The tourist helped in the laboratory admired the artist .	The tourist helped in the laboratory .	non-entailment
The presidents paid in the laboratory supported the scientist .	The presidents paid in the laboratory .	non-entailment
The scientist presented in the school danced .	The scientist presented in the school .	non-entailment
The senator presented in the school encouraged the bankers .	The senator presented in the school .	non-entailment
The scientists helped in the school advised the president .	The scientists helped in the school .	non-entailment
The students helped the athlete paid in the museum .	The athlete paid in the museum .	non-entailment
The tourists recommended the bankers studied in the library .	The bankers studied in the library .	non-entailment
The lawyer recommended the judge paid in the library .	The judge paid in the library .	non-entailment
The tourist investigated in the laboratory called the artist .	The tourist investigated in the laboratory .	non-entailment
The lawyer paid in the school shouted .	The lawyer paid in the school .	non-entailment
The author helped in the library performed .	The author helped in the library .	non-entailment
The tourist introduced the actor helped in the office .	The actor helped in the office .	non-entailment
The students advised the scientist presented in the school .	The scientist presented in the school .	non-entailment
The lawyers avoided the banker investigated in the museum .	The banker investigated in the museum .	non-entailment
The professors studied in the laboratory contacted the scientist .	The professors studied in the laboratory .	non-entailment
The doctors studied in the school shouted .	The doctors studied in the school .	non-entailment
The tourists presented in the laboratory thanked the doctor .	The tourists presented in the laboratory .	non-entailment
The professor investigated in the museum contacted the secretaries .	The professor investigated in the museum .	non-entailment
The secretary helped in the library thanked the professors .	The secretary helped in the library .	non-entailment
The judges studied in the laboratory thanked the presidents .	The judges studied in the laboratory .	non-entailment
The student presented in the museum admired the president .	The student presented in the museum .	non-entailment
The bankers investigated in the library shouted .	The bankers investigated in the library .	non-entailment
The doctor presented in the museum performed .	The doctor presented in the museum .	non-entailment
The scientists believed the tourist investigated in the school .	The tourist investigated in the school .	non-entailment
The banker believed the judges presented in the school .	The judges presented in the school .	non-entailment
The artist studied in the laboratory recommended the student .	The artist studied in the laboratory .	non-entailment
The judges investigated in the office thanked the bankers .	The judges investigated in the office .	non-entailment
The judge investigated in the office introduced the doctor .	The judge investigated in the office .	non-entailment
The lawyers saw the senators presented in the library .	The senators presented in the library .	non-entailment
The president presented in the library called the senators .	The president presented in the library .	non-entailment
The scientists investigated in the library avoided the athlete .	The scientists investigated in the library .	non-entailment
The bankers recommended the presidents studied in the office .	The presidents studied in the office .	non-entailment
The tourist contacted the manager helped in the library .	The manager helped in the library .	non-entailment
The actor saw the artist presented in the library .	The artist presented in the library .	non-entailment
The doctor studied in the library shouted .	The doctor studied in the library .	non-entailment
The tourist paid in the laboratory called the students .	The tourist paid in the laboratory .	non-entailment
The athlete admired the banker helped in the office .	The banker helped in the office .	non-entailment
The professors investigated in the office arrived .	The professors investigated in the office .	non-entailment
The judge paid in the library admired the managers .	The judge paid in the library .	non-entailment
The tourists presented in the office shouted .	The tourists presented in the office .	non-entailment
The professors helped in the office admired the senators .	The professors helped in the office .	non-entailment
The professor studied in the office saw the actor .	The professor studied in the office .	non-entailment
The secretaries paid in the school thanked the scientist .	The secretaries paid in the school .	non-entailment
The bankers presented in the library thanked the secretary .	The bankers presented in the library .	non-entailment
The students studied in the library called the professors .	The students studied in the library .	non-entailment
The artists called the lawyer helped in the laboratory .	The lawyer helped in the laboratory .	non-entailment
The author presented in the museum stopped the senators .	The author presented in the museum .	non-entailment
The authors helped in the school supported the student .	The authors helped in the school .	non-entailment
The doctors investigated in the laboratory arrived .	The doctors investigated in the laboratory .	non-entailment
The student saw the authors investigated in the office .	The authors investigated in the office .	non-entailment
The judges avoided the secretary helped in the school .	The secretary helped in the school .	non-entailment
The lawyers stopped the doctor presented in the library .	The doctor presented in the library .	non-entailment
The artist helped in the laboratory performed .	The artist helped in the laboratory .	non-entailment
The professor paid in the museum slept .	The professor paid in the museum .	non-entailment
The actors presented in the school called the judge .	The actors presented in the school .	non-entailment
The artists mentioned the secretary investigated in the museum .	The secretary investigated in the museum .	non-entailment
The athlete studied in the school recognized the authors .	The athlete studied in the school .	non-entailment
The artist presented in the school recognized the tourist .	The artist presented in the school .	non-entailment
The managers contacted the scientists presented in the office .	The scientists presented in the office .	non-entailment
The doctors investigated in the museum danced .	The doctors investigated in the museum .	non-entailment
The authors supported the students investigated in the museum .	The students investigated in the museum .	non-entailment
The presidents investigated in the museum believed the lawyer .	The presidents investigated in the museum .	non-entailment
The athlete presented in the library resigned .	The athlete presented in the library .	non-entailment
The artist studied in the library shouted .	The artist studied in the library .	non-entailment
The professors presented in the office admired the bankers .	The professors presented in the office .	non-entailment
The doctors thanked the scientists investigated in the school .	The scientists investigated in the school .	non-entailment
The artist presented in the office resigned .	The artist presented in the office .	non-entailment
The authors presented in the museum recognized the presidents .	The authors presented in the museum .	non-entailment
The actors helped in the museum stopped the secretaries .	The actors helped in the museum .	non-entailment
The secretaries presented in the library shouted .	The secretaries presented in the library .	non-entailment
The doctor called the athlete helped in the library .	The athlete helped in the library .	non-entailment
The senators believed the presidents presented in the library .	The presidents presented in the library .	non-entailment
The artists investigated in the laboratory performed .	The artists investigated in the laboratory .	non-entailment
The scientist thanked the manager paid in the school .	The manager paid in the school .	non-entailment
The student saw the author investigated in the office .	The author investigated in the office .	non-entailment
The senator studied in the museum admired the tourist .	The senator studied in the museum .	non-entailment
The author investigated in the laboratory called the tourists .	The author investigated in the laboratory .	non-entailment
The banker encouraged the managers paid in the laboratory .	The managers paid in the laboratory .	non-entailment
The senator paid in the office contacted the banker .	The senator paid in the office .	non-entailment
The secretaries supported the doctors helped in the school .	The doctors helped in the school .	non-entailment
The artists helped the authors paid in the school .	The authors paid in the school .	non-entailment
The lawyers saw the senators investigated in the office .	The senators investigated in the office .	non-entailment
The authors stopped the lawyers helped in the laboratory .	The lawyers helped in the laboratory .	non-entailment
The author investigated in the office advised the doctors .	The author investigated in the office .	non-entailment
The banker presented in the laboratory recommended the athletes .	The banker presented in the laboratory .	non-entailment
The doctor advised the secretary studied in the office .	The secretary studied in the office .	non-entailment
The doctors advised the professors presented in the office .	The professors presented in the office .	non-entailment
The actor supported the presidents studied in the library .	The presidents studied in the library .	non-entailment
The athlete investigated in the museum admired the senator .	The athlete investigated in the museum .	non-entailment
The professor recognized the secretary investigated in the school .	The secretary investigated in the school .	non-entailment
The judges investigated in the museum believed the secretary .	The judges investigated in the museum .	non-entailment
The secretary helped in the school slept .	The secretary helped in the school .	non-entailment
The lawyer investigated in the museum admired the artists .	The lawyer investigated in the museum .	non-entailment
The banker studied in the museum helped the professor .	The banker studied in the museum .	non-entailment
The athletes presented in the school called the secretary .	The athletes presented in the school .	non-entailment
The lawyer mentioned the secretaries helped in the school .	The secretaries helped in the school .	non-entailment
The doctor investigated in the office resigned .	The doctor investigated in the office .	non-entailment
The professors presented in the museum believed the judge .	The professors presented in the museum .	non-entailment
The banker helped in the museum contacted the artists .	The banker helped in the museum .	non-entailment
The judge investigated in the office advised the doctor .	The judge investigated in the office .	non-entailment
The manager paid in the laboratory performed .	The manager paid in the laboratory .	non-entailment
The professor supported the doctors investigated in the laboratory .	The doctors investigated in the laboratory .	non-entailment
The senators saw the tourist investigated in the library .	The tourist investigated in the library .	non-entailment
The banker paid in the laboratory recommended the authors .	The banker paid in the laboratory .	non-entailment
The students paid in the library waited .	The students paid in the library .	non-entailment
The bankers contacted the senators helped in the school .	The senators helped in the school .	non-entailment
The banker paid in the office shouted .	The banker paid in the office .	non-entailment
The secretaries recommended the doctors investigated in the school .	The doctors investigated in the school .	non-entailment
The tourists helped in the library waited .	The tourists helped in the library .	non-entailment
The senators thanked the actor paid in the school .	The actor paid in the school .	non-entailment
The senators studied in the office called the artist .	The senators studied in the office .	non-entailment
The doctors paid in the museum mentioned the professors .	The doctors paid in the museum .	non-entailment
The presidents admired the lawyer paid in the museum .	The lawyer paid in the museum .	non-entailment
The president helped the students paid in the school .	The students paid in the school .	non-entailment
The president studied in the laboratory supported the artists .	The president studied in the laboratory .	non-entailment
The scientist studied in the school performed .	The scientist studied in the school .	non-entailment
The actor recognized the senators helped in the school .	The senators helped in the school .	non-entailment
The tourists investigated in the museum advised the athletes .	The tourists investigated in the museum .	non-entailment
The author avoided the president studied in the school .	The president studied in the school .	non-entailment
The professor studied in the museum stopped the athlete .	The professor studied in the museum .	non-entailment
The scientists mentioned the secretary helped in the museum .	The secretary helped in the museum .	non-entailment
The lawyer helped in the office recommended the students .	The lawyer helped in the office .	non-entailment
The students saw the professor presented in the laboratory .	The professor presented in the laboratory .	non-entailment
The professors stopped the judges paid in the library .	The judges paid in the library .	non-entailment
The scientist investigated in the library supported the tourist .	The scientist investigated in the library .	non-entailment
The actor avoided the doctors studied in the laboratory .	The doctors studied in the laboratory .	non-entailment
The scientist investigated in the laboratory stopped the senator .	The scientist investigated in the laboratory .	non-entailment
The actor helped in the office called the president .	The actor helped in the office .	non-entailment
The senator presented in the museum arrived .	The senator presented in the museum .	non-entailment
The president studied in the laboratory admired the artists .	The president studied in the laboratory .	non-entailment
The presidents recommended the professor paid in the laboratory .	The professor paid in the laboratory .	non-entailment
The professor studied in the library supported the lawyer .	The professor studied in the library .	non-entailment
The lawyers studied in the library ran .	The lawyers studied in the library .	non-entailment
The bankers helped in the museum recommended the actor .	The bankers helped in the museum .	non-entailment
The scientist helped in the office performed .	The scientist helped in the office .	non-entailment
The banker paid in the museum believed the artists .	The banker paid in the museum .	non-entailment
The secretary studied in the library recognized the senator .	The secretary studied in the library .	non-entailment
The authors paid in the school advised the student .	The authors paid in the school .	non-entailment
The doctor presented in the office saw the secretaries .	The doctor presented in the office .	non-entailment
The actor avoided the secretaries studied in the school .	The secretaries studied in the school .	non-entailment
The lawyer studied in the library stopped the secretaries .	The lawyer studied in the library .	non-entailment
The professors recognized the managers helped in the school .	The managers helped in the school .	non-entailment
The professor studied in the museum resigned .	The professor studied in the museum .	non-entailment
The author admired the banker presented in the office .	The banker presented in the office .	non-entailment
The secretaries avoided the athlete helped in the laboratory .	The athlete helped in the laboratory .	non-entailment
The judges investigated in the laboratory advised the student .	The judges investigated in the laboratory .	non-entailment
The author paid in the museum danced .	The author paid in the museum .	non-entailment
The lawyer recommended the actor helped in the office .	The actor helped in the office .	non-entailment
The secretaries studied in the laboratory mentioned the tourist .	The secretaries studied in the laboratory .	non-entailment
The lawyers stopped the scientist presented in the school .	The scientist presented in the school .	non-entailment
The scientists investigated in the laboratory admired the judges .	The scientists investigated in the laboratory .	non-entailment
The professor investigated in the school ran .	The professor investigated in the school .	non-entailment
The managers admired the author helped in the school .	The author helped in the school .	non-entailment
The tourists advised the actor helped in the school .	The actor helped in the school .	non-entailment
The professor investigated in the library called the tourists .	The professor investigated in the library .	non-entailment
The tourist introduced the secretaries presented in the laboratory .	The secretaries presented in the laboratory .	non-entailment
The authors recommended the student studied in the laboratory .	The student studied in the laboratory .	non-entailment
The managers thanked the presidents investigated in the school .	The presidents investigated in the school .	non-entailment
The authors avoided the judge investigated in the school .	The judge investigated in the school .	non-entailment
The judges studied in the school shouted .	The judges studied in the school .	non-entailment
The judges stopped the professors paid in the museum .	The professors paid in the museum .	non-entailment
The doctors presented in the museum avoided the actors .	The doctors presented in the museum .	non-entailment
The tourist presented in the office avoided the athlete .	The tourist presented in the office .	non-entailment
The secretaries supported the athlete paid in the office .	The athlete paid in the office .	non-entailment
The athlete thanked the secretaries studied in the school .	The secretaries studied in the school .	non-entailment
The president mentioned the secretaries presented in the library .	The secretaries presented in the library .	non-entailment
The artists supported the tourists investigated in the museum .	The tourists investigated in the museum .	non-entailment
The students presented in the museum called the athletes .	The students presented in the museum .	non-entailment
The actor paid in the museum believed the tourists .	The actor paid in the museum .	non-entailment
The scientist studied in the museum avoided the artists .	The scientist studied in the museum .	non-entailment
The scientist thanked the student studied in the laboratory .	The student studied in the laboratory .	non-entailment
The artist helped in the office avoided the managers .	The artist helped in the office .	non-entailment
The scientist introduced the manager helped in the laboratory .	The manager helped in the laboratory .	non-entailment
The secretary paid in the laboratory thanked the author .	The secretary paid in the laboratory .	non-entailment
The author investigated in the library called the secretaries .	The author investigated in the library .	non-entailment
The senator presented in the school advised the tourists .	The senator presented in the school .	non-entailment
The student encouraged the artist investigated in the office .	The artist investigated in the office .	non-entailment
The actor admired the doctor paid in the school .	The doctor paid in the school .	non-entailment
The tourist studied in the laboratory believed the doctors .	The tourist studied in the laboratory .	non-entailment
The doctors helped in the laboratory resigned .	The doctors helped in the laboratory .	non-entailment
The students helped the actors paid in the school .	The actors paid in the school .	non-entailment
The doctor paid in the school introduced the secretaries .	The doctor paid in the school .	non-entailment
The bankers helped in the school called the athlete .	The bankers helped in the school .	non-entailment
The actors investigated in the office admired the artists .	The actors investigated in the office .	non-entailment
The lawyers admired the athlete paid in the school .	The athlete paid in the school .	non-entailment
The scientists presented in the office called the students .	The scientists presented in the office .	non-entailment
The athlete helped the manager investigated in the office .	The manager investigated in the office .	non-entailment
The tourist presented in the school thanked the bankers .	The tourist presented in the school .	non-entailment
The professor investigated in the office resigned .	The professor investigated in the office .	non-entailment
The doctors avoided the managers presented in the museum .	The managers presented in the museum .	non-entailment
The doctors believed the professors investigated in the library .	The professors investigated in the library .	non-entailment
The doctor studied in the laboratory avoided the actor .	The doctor studied in the laboratory .	non-entailment
The secretary helped the tourists investigated in the museum .	The tourists investigated in the museum .	non-entailment
The president mentioned the doctor presented in the laboratory .	The doctor presented in the laboratory .	non-entailment
The manager paid in the laboratory ran .	The manager paid in the laboratory .	non-entailment
The lawyer mentioned the artist investigated in the library .	The artist investigated in the library .	non-entailment
The professor advised the students helped in the school .	The students helped in the school .	non-entailment
The author studied in the museum contacted the student .	The author studied in the museum .	non-entailment
The actor advised the senators helped in the museum .	The senators helped in the museum .	non-entailment
The tourist studied in the office performed .	The tourist studied in the office .	non-entailment
The authors called the presidents paid in the school .	The presidents paid in the school .	non-entailment
The senators advised the doctors studied in the museum .	The doctors studied in the museum .	non-entailment
The professors paid in the laboratory saw the lawyer .	The professors paid in the laboratory .	non-entailment
The professor presented in the laboratory admired the tourist .	The professor presented in the laboratory .	non-entailment
The president helped in the laboratory performed .	The president helped in the laboratory .	non-entailment
The doctors saw the professor investigated in the office .	The professor investigated in the office .	non-entailment
The athlete investigated in the school introduced the lawyers .	The athlete investigated in the school .	non-entailment
The senators introduced the managers presented in the office .	The managers presented in the office .	non-entailment
The secretary presented in the office shouted .	The secretary presented in the office .	non-entailment
The judges contacted the student paid in the school .	The student paid in the school .	non-entailment
The tourists mentioned the senator paid in the museum .	The senator paid in the museum .	non-entailment
The scientist avoided the author helped in the office .	The author helped in the office .	non-entailment
The judge admired the actors helped in the library .	The actors helped in the library .	non-entailment
The student helped in the museum called the tourists .	The student helped in the museum .	non-entailment
The tourist contacted the managers investigated in the office .	The managers investigated in the office .	non-entailment
The bankers saw the professors helped in the library .	The professors helped in the library .	non-entailment
The students mentioned the tourists presented in the laboratory .	The tourists presented in the laboratory .	non-entailment
The senators thanked the manager investigated in the laboratory .	The manager investigated in the laboratory .	non-entailment
The athlete presented in the school mentioned the managers .	The athlete presented in the school .	non-entailment
The banker studied in the school admired the actors .	The banker studied in the school .	non-entailment
The artists presented in the museum danced .	The artists presented in the museum .	non-entailment
The actor called the secretary presented in the library .	The secretary presented in the library .	non-entailment
The lawyer helped in the museum ran .	The lawyer helped in the museum .	non-entailment
The banker paid in the museum resigned .	The banker paid in the museum .	non-entailment
The student studied in the museum believed the professor .	The student studied in the museum .	non-entailment
The presidents paid in the museum resigned .	The presidents paid in the museum .	non-entailment
The scientists advised the actor presented in the laboratory .	The actor presented in the laboratory .	non-entailment
The bankers recommended the athlete helped in the laboratory .	The athlete helped in the laboratory .	non-entailment
The tourist recommended the author investigated in the laboratory .	The author investigated in the laboratory .	non-entailment
The president admired the senator studied in the office .	The senator studied in the office .	non-entailment
The student helped the banker paid in the library .	The banker paid in the library .	non-entailment
The tourist advised the banker investigated in the library .	The banker investigated in the library .	non-entailment
The banker helped the tourist studied in the museum .	The tourist studied in the museum .	non-entailment
The senator stopped the secretary helped in the school .	The secretary helped in the school .	non-entailment
The banker supported the secretaries presented in the museum .	The secretaries presented in the museum .	non-entailment
The doctor helped in the office called the secretary .	The doctor helped in the office .	non-entailment
The tourist presented in the library contacted the scientist .	The tourist presented in the library .	non-entailment
The senators believed the students investigated in the library .	The students investigated in the library .	non-entailment
The professors presented in the school mentioned the manager .	The professors presented in the school .	non-entailment
The tourist advised the banker investigated in the office .	The banker investigated in the office .	non-entailment
The senator believed the judge presented in the laboratory .	The judge presented in the laboratory .	non-entailment
The author helped in the library waited .	The author helped in the library .	non-entailment
The student helped in the office mentioned the tourists .	The student helped in the office .	non-entailment
The judges helped in the school arrived .	The judges helped in the school .	non-entailment
The tourists presented in the office slept .	The tourists presented in the office .	non-entailment
The president studied in the museum waited .	The president studied in the museum .	non-entailment
The doctor advised the judge studied in the office .	The judge studied in the office .	non-entailment
The professors studied in the library introduced the author .	The professors studied in the library .	non-entailment
The judges thanked the presidents helped in the school .	The presidents helped in the school .	non-entailment
The doctor presented in the school introduced the students .	The doctor presented in the school .	non-entailment
The professor investigated in the library stopped the managers .	The professor investigated in the library .	non-entailment
The athlete studied in the office encouraged the doctor .	The athlete studied in the office .	non-entailment
The bankers studied in the school called the doctors .	The bankers studied in the school .	non-entailment
The tourist avoided the scientists helped in the school .	The scientists helped in the school .	non-entailment
The student paid in the school danced .	The student paid in the school .	non-entailment
The authors presented in the office saw the judges .	The authors presented in the office .	non-entailment
The manager investigated in the office called the presidents .	The manager investigated in the office .	non-entailment
The president helped in the school mentioned the managers .	The president helped in the school .	non-entailment
The managers helped in the laboratory slept .	The managers helped in the laboratory .	non-entailment
The judges presented in the school ran .	The judges presented in the school .	non-entailment
The artists helped in the office avoided the senators .	The artists helped in the office .	non-entailment
The artists stopped the president paid in the museum .	The president paid in the museum .	non-entailment
The scientist paid in the school supported the artist .	The scientist paid in the school .	non-entailment
The judge investigated in the library danced .	The judge investigated in the library .	non-entailment
The authors investigated in the school stopped the judge .	The authors investigated in the school .	non-entailment
The professor helped in the school recognized the actors .	The professor helped in the school .	non-entailment
The athletes studied in the museum arrived .	The athletes studied in the museum .	non-entailment
The athletes presented in the library shouted .	The athletes presented in the library .	non-entailment
The judges helped in the library resigned .	The judges helped in the library .	non-entailment
The professor presented in the school contacted the athlete .	The professor presented in the school .	non-entailment
The manager presented in the library contacted the tourist .	The manager presented in the library .	non-entailment
The athletes believed the tourists helped in the office .	The tourists helped in the office .	non-entailment
The senators helped in the library called the athlete .	The senators helped in the library .	non-entailment
The banker paid in the museum avoided the presidents .	The banker paid in the museum .	non-entailment
The judges called the doctor investigated in the laboratory .	The doctor investigated in the laboratory .	non-entailment
The banker paid in the school stopped the senator .	The banker paid in the school .	non-entailment
The authors studied in the school admired the student .	The authors studied in the school .	non-entailment
The athletes mentioned the senator presented in the laboratory .	The senator presented in the laboratory .	non-entailment
The athlete investigated in the museum recommended the secretaries .	The athlete investigated in the museum .	non-entailment
The scientists helped the bankers paid in the library .	The bankers paid in the library .	non-entailment
The professor studied in the school recognized the banker .	The professor studied in the school .	non-entailment
The president helped in the museum believed the professor .	The president helped in the museum .	non-entailment
The students presented in the library waited .	The students presented in the library .	non-entailment
The manager investigated in the laboratory admired the senator .	The manager investigated in the laboratory .	non-entailment
The author helped the doctor presented in the school .	The doctor presented in the school .	non-entailment
The actor investigated in the library performed .	The actor investigated in the library .	non-entailment
The senators believed the author presented in the school .	The author presented in the school .	non-entailment
The lawyers studied in the laboratory thanked the senators .	The lawyers studied in the laboratory .	non-entailment
The banker advised the artists helped in the school .	The artists helped in the school .	non-entailment
The athletes supported the manager presented in the school .	The manager presented in the school .	non-entailment
The scientist helped in the museum arrived .	The scientist helped in the museum .	non-entailment
The lawyers presented in the office advised the tourists .	The lawyers presented in the office .	non-entailment
The lawyer presented in the school thanked the bankers .	The lawyer presented in the school .	non-entailment
The tourists investigated in the library contacted the manager .	The tourists investigated in the library .	non-entailment
The scientists presented in the school stopped the professors .	The scientists presented in the school .	non-entailment
The lawyer admired the bankers helped in the office .	The bankers helped in the office .	non-entailment
The senators recognized the secretaries paid in the office .	The secretaries paid in the office .	non-entailment
The actors helped in the office recommended the athletes .	The actors helped in the office .	non-entailment
The professors presented in the office believed the lawyers .	The professors presented in the office .	non-entailment
The managers investigated in the library resigned .	The managers investigated in the library .	non-entailment
The banker helped in the museum waited .	The banker helped in the museum .	non-entailment
The doctors paid in the laboratory waited .	The doctors paid in the laboratory .	non-entailment
The scientist paid in the laboratory admired the authors .	The scientist paid in the laboratory .	non-entailment
The author called the judge presented in the laboratory .	The judge presented in the laboratory .	non-entailment
The scientist helped in the office stopped the student .	The scientist helped in the office .	non-entailment
The senators saw the artist helped in the laboratory .	The artist helped in the laboratory .	non-entailment
The tourists stopped the student paid in the museum .	The student paid in the museum .	non-entailment
The doctors studied in the office recommended the judge .	The doctors studied in the office .	non-entailment
The tourists recognized the president paid in the school .	The president paid in the school .	non-entailment
The actors studied in the museum resigned .	The actors studied in the museum .	non-entailment
The judges presented in the office encouraged the lawyers .	The judges presented in the office .	non-entailment
The artists supported the lawyers helped in the library .	The lawyers helped in the library .	non-entailment
The senators stopped the author studied in the museum .	The author studied in the museum .	non-entailment
The scientist helped in the laboratory contacted the actors .	The scientist helped in the laboratory .	non-entailment
The managers studied in the library arrived .	The managers studied in the library .	non-entailment
The senator contacted the students paid in the museum .	The students paid in the museum .	non-entailment
The judges believed the professors helped in the laboratory .	The professors helped in the laboratory .	non-entailment
The author advised the doctors studied in the school .	The doctors studied in the school .	non-entailment
The authors paid in the laboratory slept .	The authors paid in the laboratory .	non-entailment
The senators studied in the laboratory waited .	The senators studied in the laboratory .	non-entailment
The actors supported the artist helped in the library .	The artist helped in the library .	non-entailment
The judges advised the scientist helped in the laboratory .	The scientist helped in the laboratory .	non-entailment
The bankers believed the students helped in the library .	The students helped in the library .	non-entailment
The lawyer contacted the manager paid in the museum .	The manager paid in the museum .	non-entailment
The lawyers avoided the scientists helped in the museum .	The scientists helped in the museum .	non-entailment
The managers helped in the office waited .	The managers helped in the office .	non-entailment
The scientists introduced the banker studied in the office .	The banker studied in the office .	non-entailment
The secretaries paid in the museum danced .	The secretaries paid in the museum .	non-entailment
The artists called the scientist paid in the laboratory .	The scientist paid in the laboratory .	non-entailment
The professor paid in the library admired the student .	The professor paid in the library .	non-entailment
The lawyers paid in the museum recommended the students .	The lawyers paid in the museum .	non-entailment
The secretary presented in the office resigned .	The secretary presented in the office .	non-entailment
The professor encouraged the banker presented in the office .	The banker presented in the office .	non-entailment
The president investigated in the laboratory called the students .	The president investigated in the laboratory .	non-entailment
The students avoided the lawyer paid in the library .	The lawyer paid in the library .	non-entailment
The athletes helped in the office contacted the author .	The athletes helped in the office .	non-entailment
The professor studied in the school waited .	The professor studied in the school .	non-entailment
The actor contacted the secretary presented in the library .	The secretary presented in the library .	non-entailment
The president studied in the office stopped the senator .	The president studied in the office .	non-entailment
The students investigated in the school contacted the senators .	The students investigated in the school .	non-entailment
The artist presented in the school admired the student .	The artist presented in the school .	non-entailment
The actors presented in the office danced .	The actors presented in the office .	non-entailment
The student recognized the presidents investigated in the museum .	The presidents investigated in the museum .	non-entailment
The artist introduced the bankers helped in the library .	The bankers helped in the library .	non-entailment
The author paid in the library advised the secretaries .	The author paid in the library .	non-entailment
The bankers investigated in the office recognized the secretaries .	The bankers investigated in the office .	non-entailment
The doctor studied in the museum supported the judge .	The doctor studied in the museum .	non-entailment
The athlete paid in the museum ran .	The athlete paid in the museum .	non-entailment
The doctors believed the judge helped in the office .	The judge helped in the office .	non-entailment
The artist presented in the laboratory ran .	The artist presented in the laboratory .	non-entailment
The artists advised the lawyers investigated in the museum .	The lawyers investigated in the museum .	non-entailment
The authors saw the actor studied in the library .	The actor studied in the library .	non-entailment
The actors mentioned the doctors presented in the school .	The doctors presented in the school .	non-entailment
The actors helped in the office ran .	The actors helped in the office .	non-entailment
The lawyers believed the actors studied in the school .	The actors studied in the school .	non-entailment
The actors mentioned the tourists investigated in the office .	The tourists investigated in the office .	non-entailment
The senators studied in the school performed .	The senators studied in the school .	non-entailment
The senator encouraged the authors helped in the library .	The authors helped in the library .	non-entailment
The manager studied in the library danced .	The manager studied in the library .	non-entailment
The professors saw the judges investigated in the museum .	The judges investigated in the museum .	non-entailment
The president thanked the judges studied in the laboratory .	The judges studied in the laboratory .	non-entailment
The lawyers studied in the office helped the artist .	The lawyers studied in the office .	non-entailment
The tourists recognized the secretary presented in the library .	The secretary presented in the library .	non-entailment
The artists studied in the office arrived .	The artists studied in the office .	non-entailment
The secretaries advised the senators helped in the museum .	The senators helped in the museum .	non-entailment
The scientist presented in the school shouted .	The scientist presented in the school .	non-entailment
The secretaries paid in the office contacted the managers .	The secretaries paid in the office .	non-entailment
The athletes presented in the laboratory avoided the senators .	The athletes presented in the laboratory .	non-entailment
The author helped in the office waited .	The author helped in the office .	non-entailment
The professor helped the secretary paid in the office .	The secretary paid in the office .	non-entailment
The president helped the judge presented in the school .	The judge presented in the school .	non-entailment
The lawyers paid in the office ran .	The lawyers paid in the office .	non-entailment
The professors presented in the school contacted the judge .	The professors presented in the school .	non-entailment
The actors presented in the museum recognized the doctor .	The actors presented in the museum .	non-entailment
The judge avoided the artist presented in the library .	The artist presented in the library .	non-entailment
The lawyer helped in the museum mentioned the student .	The lawyer helped in the museum .	non-entailment
The scientist presented in the library thanked the manager .	The scientist presented in the library .	non-entailment
The artists presented in the office thanked the student .	The artists presented in the office .	non-entailment
The athlete encouraged the presidents helped in the library .	The presidents helped in the library .	non-entailment
The scientist helped in the school introduced the actor .	The scientist helped in the school .	non-entailment
The athletes contacted the secretaries studied in the museum .	The secretaries studied in the museum .	non-entailment
The president investigated in the library performed .	The president investigated in the library .	non-entailment
The scientist helped in the laboratory arrived .	The scientist helped in the laboratory .	non-entailment
The presidents paid in the school thanked the scientist .	The presidents paid in the school .	non-entailment
The senators investigated in the school avoided the judge .	The senators investigated in the school .	non-entailment
The actors called the tourists studied in the office .	The tourists studied in the office .	non-entailment
The judges investigated in the museum avoided the lawyers .	The judges investigated in the museum .	non-entailment
The actor thanked the manager paid in the museum .	The manager paid in the museum .	non-entailment
The scientists supported the tourists presented in the laboratory .	The tourists presented in the laboratory .	non-entailment
The bankers investigated in the museum ran .	The bankers investigated in the museum .	non-entailment
The professor investigated in the school resigned .	The professor investigated in the school .	non-entailment
The artists studied in the school shouted .	The artists studied in the school .	non-entailment
The banker investigated in the school arrived .	The banker investigated in the school .	non-entailment
The presidents encouraged the actor investigated in the laboratory .	The actor investigated in the laboratory .	non-entailment
The judge thanked the tourists studied in the museum .	The tourists studied in the museum .	non-entailment
The banker recommended the professors paid in the laboratory .	The professors paid in the laboratory .	non-entailment
The senator paid in the laboratory avoided the tourist .	The senator paid in the laboratory .	non-entailment
The lawyer contacted the secretary investigated in the office .	The secretary investigated in the office .	non-entailment
The professor presented in the laboratory helped the student .	The professor presented in the laboratory .	non-entailment
The actors recommended the lawyers paid in the school .	The lawyers paid in the school .	non-entailment
The actors presented in the laboratory stopped the tourists .	The actors presented in the laboratory .	non-entailment
The authors investigated in the museum thanked the doctor .	The authors investigated in the museum .	non-entailment
The judge called the doctors investigated in the office .	The doctors investigated in the office .	non-entailment
The students mentioned the athletes helped in the museum .	The athletes helped in the museum .	non-entailment
The president supported the actors studied in the library .	The actors studied in the library .	non-entailment
The judge thanked the managers presented in the laboratory .	The managers presented in the laboratory .	non-entailment
The lawyers investigated in the school stopped the professor .	The lawyers investigated in the school .	non-entailment
The artist thanked the athletes helped in the museum .	The athletes helped in the museum .	non-entailment
The lawyers paid in the school recognized the senator .	The lawyers paid in the school .	non-entailment
The presidents admired the judges paid in the museum .	The judges paid in the museum .	non-entailment
The authors supported the secretary investigated in the library .	The secretary investigated in the library .	non-entailment
The tourists presented in the school performed .	The tourists presented in the school .	non-entailment
The artist studied in the laboratory thanked the doctors .	The artist studied in the laboratory .	non-entailment
The authors saw the manager investigated in the office .	The manager investigated in the office .	non-entailment
The scientist avoided the senators investigated in the laboratory .	The senators investigated in the laboratory .	non-entailment
The lawyer helped in the school resigned .	The lawyer helped in the school .	non-entailment
The tourists mentioned the author presented in the school .	The author presented in the school .	non-entailment
The scientists paid in the office mentioned the artist .	The scientists paid in the office .	non-entailment
The scientist admired the managers helped in the school .	The managers helped in the school .	non-entailment
The scientist encouraged the professors studied in the office .	The professors studied in the office .	non-entailment
The athletes contacted the bankers helped in the laboratory .	The bankers helped in the laboratory .	non-entailment
The professors paid in the library recommended the athlete .	The professors paid in the library .	non-entailment
The scientist contacted the tourist paid in the office .	The tourist paid in the office .	non-entailment
The students recommended the presidents presented in the school .	The presidents presented in the school .	non-entailment
The professor helped in the school believed the presidents .	The professor helped in the school .	non-entailment
The managers investigated in the laboratory recognized the professor .	The managers investigated in the laboratory .	non-entailment
The managers paid in the laboratory waited .	The managers paid in the laboratory .	non-entailment
The tourist presented in the laboratory recommended the professor .	The tourist presented in the laboratory .	non-entailment
The professor believed the lawyer helped in the laboratory .	The lawyer helped in the laboratory .	non-entailment
The presidents helped in the museum shouted .	The presidents helped in the museum .	non-entailment
The professors investigated in the office ran .	The professors investigated in the office .	non-entailment
The authors presented in the museum danced .	The authors presented in the museum .	non-entailment
The bankers presented in the office stopped the artists .	The bankers presented in the office .	non-entailment
The professor advised the doctor presented in the school .	The doctor presented in the school .	non-entailment
The scientists avoided the lawyer presented in the office .	The lawyer presented in the office .	non-entailment
The athlete investigated in the library recommended the lawyer .	The athlete investigated in the library .	non-entailment
The athlete paid in the library recognized the judge .	The athlete paid in the library .	non-entailment
The scientists studied in the office stopped the author .	The scientists studied in the office .	non-entailment
The manager encouraged the tourist helped in the laboratory .	The tourist helped in the laboratory .	non-entailment
The manager called the lawyers helped in the library .	The lawyers helped in the library .	non-entailment
The scientists paid in the laboratory performed .	The scientists paid in the laboratory .	non-entailment
The artist studied in the office believed the tourists .	The artist studied in the office .	non-entailment
The professors investigated in the laboratory waited .	The professors investigated in the laboratory .	non-entailment
The bankers investigated in the laboratory believed the athletes .	The bankers investigated in the laboratory .	non-entailment
The manager avoided the doctors helped in the library .	The doctors helped in the library .	non-entailment
The doctor helped in the school called the banker .	The doctor helped in the school .	non-entailment
The doctor introduced the banker studied in the laboratory .	The banker studied in the laboratory .	non-entailment
The actor paid in the library recognized the lawyers .	The actor paid in the library .	non-entailment
The lawyer investigated in the office performed .	The lawyer investigated in the office .	non-entailment
The president paid in the laboratory admired the secretaries .	The president paid in the laboratory .	non-entailment
The judges believed the bankers paid in the office .	The bankers paid in the office .	non-entailment
The tourists studied in the library saw the doctors .	The tourists studied in the library .	non-entailment
The professor advised the secretary investigated in the office .	The secretary investigated in the office .	non-entailment
The bankers presented in the office recognized the senators .	The bankers presented in the office .	non-entailment
The bankers advised the judges studied in the laboratory .	The judges studied in the laboratory .	non-entailment
The students investigated in the library thanked the presidents .	The students investigated in the library .	non-entailment
The judge helped in the laboratory resigned .	The judge helped in the laboratory .	non-entailment
The judges admired the tourist investigated in the library .	The tourist investigated in the library .	non-entailment
The tourist thanked the author paid in the office .	The author paid in the office .	non-entailment
The lawyer contacted the manager studied in the school .	The manager studied in the school .	non-entailment
The tourists paid in the museum thanked the authors .	The tourists paid in the museum .	non-entailment
The artists recognized the banker paid in the laboratory .	The banker paid in the laboratory .	non-entailment
The judge studied in the museum mentioned the doctors .	The judge studied in the museum .	non-entailment
The lawyer paid in the school admired the president .	The lawyer paid in the school .	non-entailment
The author studied in the museum supported the artists .	The author studied in the museum .	non-entailment
The professor stopped the student presented in the laboratory .	The student presented in the laboratory .	non-entailment
The managers presented in the library supported the students .	The managers presented in the library .	non-entailment
The bankers recognized the artists presented in the school .	The artists presented in the school .	non-entailment
The athlete presented in the laboratory performed .	The athlete presented in the laboratory .	non-entailment
The lawyer contacted the actors studied in the museum .	The actors studied in the museum .	non-entailment
The tourists encouraged the athletes investigated in the museum .	The athletes investigated in the museum .	non-entailment
The lawyers saw the author helped in the library .	The author helped in the library .	non-entailment
The scientists studied in the laboratory resigned .	The scientists studied in the laboratory .	non-entailment
The students presented in the library resigned .	The students presented in the library .	non-entailment
The bankers contacted the lawyers presented in the office .	The lawyers presented in the office .	non-entailment
The students mentioned the artist investigated in the library .	The artist investigated in the library .	non-entailment
The athlete paid in the school admired the secretaries .	The athlete paid in the school .	non-entailment
The managers investigated in the office slept .	The managers investigated in the office .	non-entailment
The presidents studied in the library arrived .	The presidents studied in the library .	non-entailment
The presidents helped in the school shouted .	The presidents helped in the school .	non-entailment
The actors studied in the library mentioned the artist .	The actors studied in the library .	non-entailment
The professors believed the athlete investigated in the office .	The athlete investigated in the office .	non-entailment
The manager paid in the laboratory believed the president .	The manager paid in the laboratory .	non-entailment
The actors paid in the school admired the secretaries .	The actors paid in the school .	non-entailment
The bankers advised the judge investigated in the school .	The judge investigated in the school .	non-entailment
The athletes studied in the laboratory ran .	The athletes studied in the laboratory .	non-entailment
The manager saw the senator presented in the laboratory .	The senator presented in the laboratory .	non-entailment
The actors advised the tourist paid in the library .	The tourist paid in the library .	non-entailment
The student recognized the senators paid in the laboratory .	The senators paid in the laboratory .	non-entailment
The lawyers recommended the artists investigated in the office .	The artists investigated in the office .	non-entailment
The doctor paid in the office resigned .	The doctor paid in the office .	non-entailment
The professor thanked the scientists studied in the school .	The scientists studied in the school .	non-entailment
The lawyers mentioned the actors paid in the library .	The actors paid in the library .	non-entailment
The students paid in the school believed the lawyer .	The students paid in the school .	non-entailment
The senator investigated in the museum supported the secretaries .	The senator investigated in the museum .	non-entailment
The student recognized the tourists presented in the library .	The tourists presented in the library .	non-entailment
The secretary thanked the artists presented in the library .	The artists presented in the library .	non-entailment
The athlete helped in the library advised the professors .	The athlete helped in the library .	non-entailment
The authors called the secretary studied in the laboratory .	The secretary studied in the laboratory .	non-entailment
The scientists helped in the office waited .	The scientists helped in the office .	non-entailment
The secretaries presented in the laboratory recommended the president .	The secretaries presented in the laboratory .	non-entailment
The managers studied in the laboratory slept .	The managers studied in the laboratory .	non-entailment
The banker studied in the museum performed .	The banker studied in the museum .	non-entailment
The manager paid in the museum encouraged the bankers .	The manager paid in the museum .	non-entailment
The scientist encouraged the artists investigated in the office .	The artists investigated in the office .	non-entailment
The lawyers paid in the office avoided the tourists .	The lawyers paid in the office .	non-entailment
The artist encouraged the president investigated in the laboratory .	The president investigated in the laboratory .	non-entailment
The actor mentioned the judges presented in the laboratory .	The judges presented in the laboratory .	non-entailment
The secretary investigated in the office admired the actor .	The secretary investigated in the office .	non-entailment
The secretaries investigated in the office encouraged the judge .	The secretaries investigated in the office .	non-entailment
The student called the authors paid in the office .	The authors paid in the office .	non-entailment
The authors investigated in the library shouted .	The authors investigated in the library .	non-entailment
The lawyer advised the doctors investigated in the office .	The doctors investigated in the office .	non-entailment
The author investigated in the school recommended the actors .	The author investigated in the school .	non-entailment
The scientist paid in the school ran .	The scientist paid in the school .	non-entailment
The professors believed the lawyers studied in the office .	The lawyers studied in the office .	non-entailment
The doctor investigated in the museum encouraged the artists .	The doctor investigated in the museum .	non-entailment
The actors studied in the school thanked the bankers .	The actors studied in the school .	non-entailment
The professors supported the student investigated in the office .	The student investigated in the office .	non-entailment
The professor helped in the library mentioned the students .	The professor helped in the library .	non-entailment
The banker recommended the tourist investigated in the school .	The tourist investigated in the school .	non-entailment
The scientist studied in the museum avoided the actors .	The scientist studied in the museum .	non-entailment
The judges helped in the museum shouted .	The judges helped in the museum .	non-entailment
The artist helped in the library danced .	The artist helped in the library .	non-entailment
The athlete helped in the school waited .	The athlete helped in the school .	non-entailment
The doctors presented in the office called the actors .	The doctors presented in the office .	non-entailment
The athletes introduced the tourist presented in the library .	The tourist presented in the library .	non-entailment
The lawyer studied in the museum performed .	The lawyer studied in the museum .	non-entailment
The presidents admired the lawyers presented in the office .	The lawyers presented in the office .	non-entailment
The author called the secretaries paid in the museum .	The secretaries paid in the museum .	non-entailment
The actor advised the athlete helped in the library .	The athlete helped in the library .	non-entailment
The president paid in the office danced .	The president paid in the office .	non-entailment
The lawyers studied in the laboratory introduced the secretaries .	The lawyers studied in the laboratory .	non-entailment
The professors presented in the school ran .	The professors presented in the school .	non-entailment
The doctor supported the senators investigated in the laboratory .	The senators investigated in the laboratory .	non-entailment
The authors presented in the laboratory supported the senators .	The authors presented in the laboratory .	non-entailment
The doctors encouraged the manager studied in the office .	The manager studied in the office .	non-entailment
The professor studied in the library recognized the author .	The professor studied in the library .	non-entailment
The senators recommended the authors presented in the library .	The authors presented in the library .	non-entailment
The author saw the actor studied in the laboratory .	The actor studied in the laboratory .	non-entailment
The secretaries paid in the office performed .	The secretaries paid in the office .	non-entailment
The judge supported the athletes investigated in the museum .	The athletes investigated in the museum .	non-entailment
The senator studied in the school advised the secretaries .	The senator studied in the school .	non-entailment
The athlete admired the author presented in the office .	The author presented in the office .	non-entailment
The managers helped the professor presented in the office .	The professor presented in the office .	non-entailment
The athlete believed the senator paid in the laboratory .	The senator paid in the laboratory .	non-entailment
The president recognized the judges paid in the school .	The judges paid in the school .	non-entailment
The scientists helped in the laboratory recognized the bankers .	The scientists helped in the laboratory .	non-entailment
The judge investigated in the laboratory performed .	The judge investigated in the laboratory .	non-entailment
The doctors contacted the tourists investigated in the museum .	The tourists investigated in the museum .	non-entailment
The presidents encouraged the author paid in the school .	The author paid in the school .	non-entailment
The president investigated in the school admired the student .	The president investigated in the school .	non-entailment
The artists introduced the students presented in the library .	The students presented in the library .	non-entailment
The doctors investigated in the school contacted the lawyer .	The doctors investigated in the school .	non-entailment
The scientists advised the judge helped in the laboratory .	The judge helped in the laboratory .	non-entailment
The tourist studied in the museum ran .	The tourist studied in the museum .	non-entailment
The tourist advised the professors paid in the laboratory .	The professors paid in the laboratory .	non-entailment
The lawyers introduced the secretary helped in the laboratory .	The secretary helped in the laboratory .	non-entailment
The judge paid in the library contacted the students .	The judge paid in the library .	non-entailment
The scientists paid in the school supported the senators .	The scientists paid in the school .	non-entailment
The judge encouraged the professors investigated in the museum .	The professors investigated in the museum .	non-entailment
The judge encouraged the actors studied in the laboratory .	The actors studied in the laboratory .	non-entailment
The athletes presented in the school called the bankers .	The athletes presented in the school .	non-entailment
The doctor helped in the laboratory called the artist .	The doctor helped in the laboratory .	non-entailment
The students investigated in the museum called the presidents .	The students investigated in the museum .	non-entailment
The secretary thanked the artists studied in the laboratory .	The artists studied in the laboratory .	non-entailment
The artist recommended the author paid in the school .	The author paid in the school .	non-entailment
The scientist paid in the school contacted the banker .	The scientist paid in the school .	non-entailment
The senators studied in the school mentioned the students .	The senators studied in the school .	non-entailment
The athlete called the lawyers helped in the school .	The lawyers helped in the school .	non-entailment
The managers helped in the library avoided the tourists .	The managers helped in the library .	non-entailment
The judges recognized the bankers paid in the school .	The bankers paid in the school .	non-entailment
The doctor investigated in the office advised the artists .	The doctor investigated in the office .	non-entailment
The presidents contacted the actor presented in the office .	The actor presented in the office .	non-entailment
The secretaries studied in the office waited .	The secretaries studied in the office .	non-entailment
The actor investigated in the laboratory recommended the presidents .	The actor investigated in the laboratory .	non-entailment
The scientist helped in the office encouraged the presidents .	The scientist helped in the office .	non-entailment
The athlete called the actor paid in the museum .	The actor paid in the museum .	non-entailment
The athlete presented in the laboratory slept .	The athlete presented in the laboratory .	non-entailment
The actors helped in the school shouted .	The actors helped in the school .	non-entailment
The artist studied in the school advised the judge .	The artist studied in the school .	non-entailment
The author saw the secretary paid in the office .	The secretary paid in the office .	non-entailment
The students investigated in the library admired the judges .	The students investigated in the library .	non-entailment
The bankers helped in the office stopped the lawyer .	The bankers helped in the office .	non-entailment
The judge encouraged the actors investigated in the library .	The actors investigated in the library .	non-entailment
The managers presented in the laboratory arrived .	The managers presented in the laboratory .	non-entailment
The managers investigated in the laboratory helped the artists .	The managers investigated in the laboratory .	non-entailment
The managers investigated in the school called the secretaries .	The managers investigated in the school .	non-entailment
The presidents studied in the office arrived .	The presidents studied in the office .	non-entailment
The authors helped in the library resigned .	The authors helped in the library .	non-entailment
The senators recommended the tourists investigated in the museum .	The tourists investigated in the museum .	non-entailment
The lawyers helped in the school believed the secretary .	The lawyers helped in the school .	non-entailment
The doctor called the bankers studied in the laboratory .	The bankers studied in the laboratory .	non-entailment
The tourist paid in the school ran .	The tourist paid in the school .	non-entailment
The athlete avoided the author helped in the school .	The author helped in the school .	non-entailment
The professors admired the actors paid in the museum .	The actors paid in the museum .	non-entailment
The artist stopped the secretaries presented in the library .	The secretaries presented in the library .	non-entailment
The secretary advised the judges investigated in the museum .	The judges investigated in the museum .	non-entailment
The doctors paid in the school danced .	The doctors paid in the school .	non-entailment
The presidents advised the bankers studied in the office .	The bankers studied in the office .	non-entailment
The secretaries believed the tourist investigated in the museum .	The tourist investigated in the museum .	non-entailment
The judges presented in the office slept .	The judges presented in the office .	non-entailment
The athlete introduced the bankers presented in the office .	The bankers presented in the office .	non-entailment
The professors stopped the scientists studied in the office .	The scientists studied in the office .	non-entailment
The scientists believed the athletes studied in the school .	The athletes studied in the school .	non-entailment
The banker investigated in the office called the senators .	The banker investigated in the office .	non-entailment
The athletes helped in the museum arrived .	The athletes helped in the museum .	non-entailment
The actors investigated in the school danced .	The actors investigated in the school .	non-entailment
The doctors paid in the laboratory shouted .	The doctors paid in the laboratory .	non-entailment
The artist stopped the actor studied in the laboratory .	The actor studied in the laboratory .	non-entailment
The actors recognized the bankers investigated in the library .	The bankers investigated in the library .	non-entailment
The presidents presented in the museum contacted the artists .	The presidents presented in the museum .	non-entailment
The actor admired the secretaries helped in the museum .	The secretaries helped in the museum .	non-entailment
The secretaries advised the bankers investigated in the school .	The bankers investigated in the school .	non-entailment
The managers helped in the museum resigned .	The managers helped in the museum .	non-entailment
The actors studied in the museum contacted the authors .	The actors studied in the museum .	non-entailment
The managers investigated in the museum introduced the bankers .	The managers investigated in the museum .	non-entailment
The manager paid in the school called the judges .	The manager paid in the school .	non-entailment
The secretary helped in the library recognized the managers .	The secretary helped in the library .	non-entailment
The banker studied in the office resigned .	The banker studied in the office .	non-entailment
The athlete encouraged the professors presented in the laboratory .	The professors presented in the laboratory .	non-entailment
The author studied in the school slept .	The author studied in the school .	non-entailment
The artists investigated in the school recognized the scientists .	The artists investigated in the school .	non-entailment
The manager presented in the office avoided the doctor .	The manager presented in the office .	non-entailment
The actors contacted the artist helped in the library .	The artist helped in the library .	non-entailment
The professor studied in the laboratory advised the student .	The professor studied in the laboratory .	non-entailment
The banker presented in the office mentioned the senators .	The banker presented in the office .	non-entailment
The senator presented in the laboratory recognized the tourists .	The senator presented in the laboratory .	non-entailment
The bankers studied in the school slept .	The bankers studied in the school .	non-entailment
The managers recommended the president presented in the school .	The president presented in the school .	non-entailment
The judge paid in the office arrived .	The judge paid in the office .	non-entailment
The manager investigated in the laboratory resigned .	The manager investigated in the laboratory .	non-entailment
The scientist studied in the laboratory arrived .	The scientist studied in the laboratory .	non-entailment
The authors thanked the presidents helped in the library .	The presidents helped in the library .	non-entailment
The athlete recommended the presidents investigated in the office .	The presidents investigated in the office .	non-entailment
The banker investigated in the museum ran .	The banker investigated in the museum .	non-entailment
The professors helped the artist presented in the laboratory .	The artist presented in the laboratory .	non-entailment
The managers admired the tourist presented in the laboratory .	The tourist presented in the laboratory .	non-entailment
The doctors saw the professors presented in the office .	The professors presented in the office .	non-entailment
The senators admired the doctor helped in the office .	The doctor helped in the office .	non-entailment
The managers studied in the laboratory performed .	The managers studied in the laboratory .	non-entailment
The lawyers presented in the office admired the senators .	The lawyers presented in the office .	non-entailment
The artist studied in the library believed the professor .	The artist studied in the library .	non-entailment
The lawyer helped in the office mentioned the author .	The lawyer helped in the office .	non-entailment
The judges studied in the school thanked the senators .	The judges studied in the school .	non-entailment
The doctor studied in the library contacted the professors .	The doctor studied in the library .	non-entailment
The authors studied in the laboratory shouted .	The authors studied in the laboratory .	non-entailment
The banker paid in the library saw the lawyer .	The banker paid in the library .	non-entailment
The judge stopped the professor paid in the school .	The professor paid in the school .	non-entailment
The authors presented in the library recognized the doctors .	The authors presented in the library .	non-entailment
The actor thanked the author paid in the laboratory .	The author paid in the laboratory .	non-entailment
The manager helped in the museum arrived .	The manager helped in the museum .	non-entailment
The doctors investigated in the museum mentioned the athletes .	The doctors investigated in the museum .	non-entailment
The doctors paid in the laboratory recommended the banker .	The doctors paid in the laboratory .	non-entailment
The actor recognized the lawyer studied in the museum .	The lawyer studied in the museum .	non-entailment
The banker helped in the laboratory supported the doctor .	The banker helped in the laboratory .	non-entailment
The secretary paid in the laboratory introduced the author .	The secretary paid in the laboratory .	non-entailment
The actor admired the lawyer paid in the museum .	The lawyer paid in the museum .	non-entailment
The authors contacted the manager studied in the museum .	The manager studied in the museum .	non-entailment
The artist helped in the library shouted .	The artist helped in the library .	non-entailment
The judge paid in the museum resigned .	The judge paid in the museum .	non-entailment
The lawyer mentioned the students presented in the school .	The students presented in the school .	non-entailment
The actors investigated in the office shouted .	The actors investigated in the office .	non-entailment
The secretaries paid in the library shouted .	The secretaries paid in the library .	non-entailment
The actors paid in the school shouted .	The actors paid in the school .	non-entailment
The lawyers studied in the library performed .	The lawyers studied in the library .	non-entailment
The doctors paid in the museum mentioned the lawyers .	The doctors paid in the museum .	non-entailment
The lawyer stopped the scientists paid in the library .	The scientists paid in the library .	non-entailment
The student encouraged the tourists helped in the library .	The tourists helped in the library .	non-entailment
The lawyers thanked the students presented in the office .	The students presented in the office .	non-entailment
The professor studied in the school contacted the actors .	The professor studied in the school .	non-entailment
The authors investigated in the office waited .	The authors investigated in the office .	non-entailment
The judges helped in the school introduced the athlete .	The judges helped in the school .	non-entailment
The doctors helped the lawyers studied in the museum .	The lawyers studied in the museum .	non-entailment
The tourist believed the bankers presented in the laboratory .	The bankers presented in the laboratory .	non-entailment
The authors helped in the museum resigned .	The authors helped in the museum .	non-entailment
The bankers contacted the doctor presented in the laboratory .	The doctor presented in the laboratory .	non-entailment
The manager presented in the office resigned .	The manager presented in the office .	non-entailment
The senators studied in the office helped the actor .	The senators studied in the office .	non-entailment
The athletes helped in the laboratory arrived .	The athletes helped in the laboratory .	non-entailment
The author stopped the professor investigated in the library .	The professor investigated in the library .	non-entailment
The authors studied in the office thanked the banker .	The authors studied in the office .	non-entailment
The senators investigated in the office performed .	The senators investigated in the office .	non-entailment
The scientists thanked the senators investigated in the library .	The senators investigated in the library .	non-entailment
The athletes encouraged the lawyers investigated in the school .	The lawyers investigated in the school .	non-entailment
The tourists encouraged the secretaries helped in the school .	The secretaries helped in the school .	non-entailment
The doctors investigated in the museum supported the actor .	The doctors investigated in the museum .	non-entailment
The secretaries helped in the museum shouted .	The secretaries helped in the museum .	non-entailment
The athlete helped in the office encouraged the tourists .	The athlete helped in the office .	non-entailment
The athletes admired the lawyers studied in the laboratory .	The lawyers studied in the laboratory .	non-entailment
The professors presented in the laboratory shouted .	The professors presented in the laboratory .	non-entailment
The senator helped in the laboratory stopped the doctor .	The senator helped in the laboratory .	non-entailment
The tourist presented in the office saw the banker .	The tourist presented in the office .	non-entailment
The managers recommended the lawyer paid in the office .	The lawyer paid in the office .	non-entailment
The president paid in the museum recognized the artists .	The president paid in the museum .	non-entailment
The artist presented in the school called the secretaries .	The artist presented in the school .	non-entailment
The lawyer stopped the scientist studied in the library .	The scientist studied in the library .	non-entailment
The athlete avoided the professors presented in the school .	The professors presented in the school .	non-entailment
The president advised the secretary studied in the laboratory .	The secretary studied in the laboratory .	non-entailment
The actor advised the scientists presented in the school .	The scientists presented in the school .	non-entailment
The athlete presented in the library slept .	The athlete presented in the library .	non-entailment
The professor presented in the library helped the lawyers .	The professor presented in the library .	non-entailment
The actor paid in the library thanked the student .	The actor paid in the library .	non-entailment
The secretary helped in the library saw the senators .	The secretary helped in the library .	non-entailment
The senator stopped the bankers presented in the library .	The bankers presented in the library .	non-entailment
The doctors presented in the school believed the senators .	The doctors presented in the school .	non-entailment
The banker presented in the school contacted the senators .	The banker presented in the school .	non-entailment
The artists investigated in the office advised the doctors .	The artists investigated in the office .	non-entailment
The president studied in the school shouted .	The president studied in the school .	non-entailment
The banker investigated in the laboratory resigned .	The banker investigated in the laboratory .	non-entailment
The president studied in the office supported the doctor .	The president studied in the office .	non-entailment
The managers investigated in the school introduced the scientist .	The managers investigated in the school .	non-entailment
The banker contacted the manager studied in the library .	The manager studied in the library .	non-entailment
The artists studied in the museum admired the author .	The artists studied in the museum .	non-entailment
The students advised the doctor investigated in the laboratory .	The doctor investigated in the laboratory .	non-entailment
The presidents advised the actor helped in the museum .	The actor helped in the museum .	non-entailment
The lawyers thanked the secretary presented in the museum .	The secretary presented in the museum .	non-entailment
The presidents supported the judge studied in the laboratory .	The judge studied in the laboratory .	non-entailment
The actors studied in the school danced .	The actors studied in the school .	non-entailment
The presidents paid in the museum admired the senators .	The presidents paid in the museum .	non-entailment
The professors paid in the library mentioned the secretary .	The professors paid in the library .	non-entailment
The president presented in the office admired the artists .	The president presented in the office .	non-entailment
The doctor investigated in the office contacted the bankers .	The doctor investigated in the office .	non-entailment
The manager investigated in the school believed the senator .	The manager investigated in the school .	non-entailment
The tourist presented in the school danced .	The tourist presented in the school .	non-entailment
The tourist encouraged the judge paid in the laboratory .	The judge paid in the laboratory .	non-entailment
The athlete studied in the office advised the artist .	The athlete studied in the office .	non-entailment
The athlete believed the doctors paid in the library .	The doctors paid in the library .	non-entailment
The athlete contacted the judge paid in the office .	The judge paid in the office .	non-entailment
The tourists helped in the library resigned .	The tourists helped in the library .	non-entailment
The author investigated in the laboratory admired the banker .	The author investigated in the laboratory .	non-entailment
The lawyers believed the secretaries helped in the laboratory .	The secretaries helped in the laboratory .	non-entailment
The secretaries presented in the office recognized the students .	The secretaries presented in the office .	non-entailment
The secretaries avoided the artists paid in the office .	The artists paid in the office .	non-entailment
The scientists studied in the museum believed the manager .	The scientists studied in the museum .	non-entailment
The presidents helped in the school mentioned the actor .	The presidents helped in the school .	non-entailment
The managers stopped the lawyer helped in the laboratory .	The lawyer helped in the laboratory .	non-entailment
The actors helped in the school supported the scientist .	The actors helped in the school .	non-entailment
The tourist studied in the laboratory recognized the actor .	The tourist studied in the laboratory .	non-entailment
The doctor studied in the museum called the tourist .	The doctor studied in the museum .	non-entailment
The secretaries studied in the school stopped the scientists .	The secretaries studied in the school .	non-entailment
The judge paid in the laboratory slept .	The judge paid in the laboratory .	non-entailment
The artist paid in the school slept .	The artist paid in the school .	non-entailment
The authors presented in the school contacted the senator .	The authors presented in the school .	non-entailment
The judge advised the student helped in the office .	The student helped in the office .	non-entailment
The judges thanked the professors presented in the school .	The professors presented in the school .	non-entailment
The professors recommended the senator investigated in the library .	The senator investigated in the library .	non-entailment
The athlete saw the manager studied in the office .	The manager studied in the office .	non-entailment
The doctor presented in the office supported the athlete .	The doctor presented in the office .	non-entailment
The president presented in the library encouraged the doctors .	The president presented in the library .	non-entailment
The lawyer presented in the office mentioned the athletes .	The lawyer presented in the office .	non-entailment
The student helped in the office introduced the bankers .	The student helped in the office .	non-entailment
The students introduced the professors paid in the laboratory .	The professors paid in the laboratory .	non-entailment
The bankers saw the actor investigated in the laboratory .	The actor investigated in the laboratory .	non-entailment
The professor presented in the laboratory shouted .	The professor presented in the laboratory .	non-entailment
The lawyer presented in the office stopped the president .	The lawyer presented in the office .	non-entailment
The actor thanked the athletes studied in the museum .	The athletes studied in the museum .	non-entailment
The student helped in the school waited .	The student helped in the school .	non-entailment
The judge advised the senators helped in the laboratory .	The senators helped in the laboratory .	non-entailment
The lawyers saw the managers helped in the office .	The managers helped in the office .	non-entailment
The athlete studied in the laboratory believed the managers .	The athlete studied in the laboratory .	non-entailment
The professor supported the doctor helped in the school .	The doctor helped in the school .	non-entailment
The scientists presented in the office arrived .	The scientists presented in the office .	non-entailment
The lawyers encouraged the manager helped in the museum .	The manager helped in the museum .	non-entailment
The actors paid in the laboratory arrived .	The actors paid in the laboratory .	non-entailment
The managers helped in the museum contacted the doctors .	The managers helped in the museum .	non-entailment
The author believed the students presented in the school .	The students presented in the school .	non-entailment
The judges supported the senator presented in the laboratory .	The senator presented in the laboratory .	non-entailment
The senator paid in the laboratory recognized the scientists .	The senator paid in the laboratory .	non-entailment
The scientists helped in the museum advised the senator .	The scientists helped in the museum .	non-entailment
The actors called the athletes studied in the school .	The athletes studied in the school .	non-entailment
The judge paid in the museum arrived .	The judge paid in the museum .	non-entailment
The professor investigated in the laboratory supported the artists .	The professor investigated in the laboratory .	non-entailment
The artist presented in the library recognized the athletes .	The artist presented in the library .	non-entailment
The professors helped in the library contacted the senators .	The professors helped in the library .	non-entailment
The doctor investigated in the laboratory waited .	The doctor investigated in the laboratory .	non-entailment
The bankers studied in the museum stopped the athletes .	The bankers studied in the museum .	non-entailment
The athletes investigated in the museum danced .	The athletes investigated in the museum .	non-entailment
The authors admired the secretary paid in the museum .	The secretary paid in the museum .	non-entailment
The artist investigated in the museum stopped the bankers .	The artist investigated in the museum .	non-entailment
The authors investigated in the school admired the professors .	The authors investigated in the school .	non-entailment
The manager presented in the school admired the artists .	The manager presented in the school .	non-entailment
The lawyer admired the scientists investigated in the library .	The scientists investigated in the library .	non-entailment
The artists paid in the office recognized the tourist .	The artists paid in the office .	non-entailment
The artist presented in the school ran .	The artist presented in the school .	non-entailment
The judges presented in the museum waited .	The judges presented in the museum .	non-entailment
The actor contacted the athlete paid in the library .	The athlete paid in the library .	non-entailment
The banker presented in the school called the presidents .	The banker presented in the school .	non-entailment
The tourists encouraged the managers helped in the office .	The managers helped in the office .	non-entailment
The author helped in the laboratory recognized the presidents .	The author helped in the laboratory .	non-entailment
The judge helped in the school saw the scientists .	The judge helped in the school .	non-entailment
The banker mentioned the author investigated in the school .	The author investigated in the school .	non-entailment
The students paid in the library shouted .	The students paid in the library .	non-entailment
The lawyers studied in the laboratory arrived .	The lawyers studied in the laboratory .	non-entailment
The scientist recommended the actors paid in the museum .	The actors paid in the museum .	non-entailment
The authors presented in the school called the actor .	The authors presented in the school .	non-entailment
The bankers studied in the library waited .	The bankers studied in the library .	non-entailment
The student investigated in the laboratory encouraged the scientist .	The student investigated in the laboratory .	non-entailment
The lawyer paid in the office thanked the scientist .	The lawyer paid in the office .	non-entailment
The judge stopped the tourists investigated in the museum .	The tourists investigated in the museum .	non-entailment
The scientist investigated in the library supported the authors .	The scientist investigated in the library .	non-entailment
The student recommended the actor helped in the library .	The actor helped in the library .	non-entailment
The tourists saw the bankers paid in the museum .	The bankers paid in the museum .	non-entailment
The secretary presented in the library helped the doctor .	The secretary presented in the library .	non-entailment
The banker investigated in the library stopped the senators .	The banker investigated in the library .	non-entailment
The managers believed the actors helped in the museum .	The actors helped in the museum .	non-entailment
The professors supported the scientist investigated in the library .	The scientist investigated in the library .	non-entailment
The athletes paid in the school thanked the doctor .	The athletes paid in the school .	non-entailment
The doctor investigated in the school danced .	The doctor investigated in the school .	non-entailment
The judges helped in the laboratory believed the senator .	The judges helped in the laboratory .	non-entailment
The president investigated in the school called the actors .	The president investigated in the school .	non-entailment
The scientist presented in the museum introduced the senator .	The scientist presented in the museum .	non-entailment
The athlete believed the students paid in the museum .	The students paid in the museum .	non-entailment
The secretary investigated in the library recommended the students .	The secretary investigated in the library .	non-entailment
The managers saw the student presented in the library .	The student presented in the library .	non-entailment
The bankers investigated in the office stopped the tourists .	The bankers investigated in the office .	non-entailment
The secretaries admired the students investigated in the laboratory .	The students investigated in the laboratory .	non-entailment
The tourist recommended the secretaries studied in the museum .	The secretaries studied in the museum .	non-entailment
The judges admired the actors investigated in the library .	The actors investigated in the library .	non-entailment
The student supported the actor studied in the office .	The actor studied in the office .	non-entailment
Since the athlete hid the secretaries introduced the president .	The athlete hid the secretaries .	non-entailment
Before the actors presented the professors advised the manager .	The actors presented the professors .	non-entailment
Although the judges paid the tourist arrived .	The judges paid the tourist .	non-entailment
Although the authors studied the managers arrived .	The authors studied the managers .	non-entailment
Since the judge stopped the author contacted the managers .	The judge stopped the author .	non-entailment
Since the secretaries presented the actor avoided the authors .	The secretaries presented the actor .	non-entailment
Although the students studied the bankers called the senators .	The students studied the bankers .	non-entailment
Although the presidents moved the tourist advised the secretaries .	The presidents moved the tourist .	non-entailment
After the professor paid the lawyer danced .	The professor paid the lawyer .	non-entailment
Before the lawyer stopped the presidents resigned .	The lawyer stopped the presidents .	non-entailment
When the president presented the lawyers contacted the secretary .	The president presented the lawyers .	non-entailment
Since the tourists moved the judge contacted the president .	The tourists moved the judge .	non-entailment
When the students fought the secretary ran .	The students fought the secretary .	non-entailment
When the athletes stopped the secretary waited .	The athletes stopped the secretary .	non-entailment
Although the doctor presented the tourists arrived .	The doctor presented the tourists .	non-entailment
Before the professor studied the scientists arrived .	The professor studied the scientists .	non-entailment
Before the judges moved the tourist stopped the senators .	The judges moved the tourist .	non-entailment
Since the manager stopped the tourist introduced the doctor .	The manager stopped the tourist .	non-entailment
While the professor moved the banker shouted .	The professor moved the banker .	non-entailment
While the senators stopped the manager saw the authors .	The senators stopped the manager .	non-entailment
While the doctors fought the manager encouraged the athletes .	The doctors fought the manager .	non-entailment
Because the banker paid the senators recommended the professor .	The banker paid the senators .	non-entailment
When the athlete hid the doctor admired the actors .	The athlete hid the doctor .	non-entailment
After the secretary stopped the scientist waited .	The secretary stopped the scientist .	non-entailment
Before the presidents fought the manager arrived .	The presidents fought the manager .	non-entailment
Because the authors hid the presidents encouraged the athletes .	The authors hid the presidents .	non-entailment
After the senators fought the doctors supported the secretaries .	The senators fought the doctors .	non-entailment
While the author moved the doctor believed the tourist .	The author moved the doctor .	non-entailment
Although the artists paid the student slept .	The artists paid the student .	non-entailment
Although the manager moved the judges helped the scientists .	The manager moved the judges .	non-entailment
After the secretaries studied the doctors called the students .	The secretaries studied the doctors .	non-entailment
Since the tourists hid the artist called the scientist .	The tourists hid the artist .	non-entailment
Although the actors fought the manager stopped the scientist .	The actors fought the manager .	non-entailment
When the actor paid the doctor admired the student .	The actor paid the doctor .	non-entailment
Since the artist presented the authors admired the students .	The artist presented the authors .	non-entailment
Since the actor studied the athletes recognized the judges .	The actor studied the athletes .	non-entailment
While the secretary studied the scientist slept .	The secretary studied the scientist .	non-entailment
Since the student studied the lawyer resigned .	The student studied the lawyer .	non-entailment
After the actor studied the presidents recommended the bankers .	The actor studied the presidents .	non-entailment
Because the senators fought the secretaries saw the scientist .	The senators fought the secretaries .	non-entailment
While the scientist stopped the president thanked the judges .	The scientist stopped the president .	non-entailment
Although the authors paid the student encouraged the banker .	The authors paid the student .	non-entailment
After the judge stopped the secretary thanked the scientists .	The judge stopped the secretary .	non-entailment
Since the judge moved the doctors introduced the managers .	The judge moved the doctors .	non-entailment
While the professor studied the scientist introduced the president .	The professor studied the scientist .	non-entailment
After the president stopped the artists recognized the athletes .	The president stopped the artists .	non-entailment
Before the secretary studied the judges called the authors .	The secretary studied the judges .	non-entailment
Because the banker presented the actors avoided the professors .	The banker presented the actors .	non-entailment
Before the secretary hid the banker slept .	The secretary hid the banker .	non-entailment
Since the manager studied the senators saw the actors .	The manager studied the senators .	non-entailment
Before the judges presented the author encouraged the artists .	The judges presented the author .	non-entailment
Although the senators paid the lawyer mentioned the students .	The senators paid the lawyer .	non-entailment
Since the tourists moved the doctor danced .	The tourists moved the doctor .	non-entailment
Since the professors fought the senator stopped the tourist .	The professors fought the senator .	non-entailment
After the authors fought the artist arrived .	The authors fought the artist .	non-entailment
After the banker paid the judges performed .	The banker paid the judges .	non-entailment
After the lawyer paid the judges recommended the author .	The lawyer paid the judges .	non-entailment
Because the scientists stopped the banker resigned .	The scientists stopped the banker .	non-entailment
While the lawyer hid the secretaries mentioned the judges .	The lawyer hid the secretaries .	non-entailment
Since the tourist studied the student advised the athletes .	The tourist studied the student .	non-entailment
After the president moved the students called the doctor .	The president moved the students .	non-entailment
After the manager studied the doctor admired the professors .	The manager studied the doctor .	non-entailment
After the students moved the manager avoided the authors .	The students moved the manager .	non-entailment
After the doctors paid the manager helped the scientists .	The doctors paid the manager .	non-entailment
Because the senators fought the actors called the author .	The senators fought the actors .	non-entailment
Since the athletes fought the banker resigned .	The athletes fought the banker .	non-entailment
After the judges moved the professor waited .	The judges moved the professor .	non-entailment
Since the artist hid the manager danced .	The artist hid the manager .	non-entailment
Although the actors hid the students slept .	The actors hid the students .	non-entailment
Since the bankers moved the author shouted .	The bankers moved the author .	non-entailment
After the managers fought the senator mentioned the artist .	The managers fought the senator .	non-entailment
Although the lawyers paid the judge believed the managers .	The lawyers paid the judge .	non-entailment
While the manager presented the actor called the judge .	The manager presented the actor .	non-entailment
Although the athletes hid the scientists shouted .	The athletes hid the scientists .	non-entailment
While the banker moved the president called the senators .	The banker moved the president .	non-entailment
Since the artists hid the scientist performed .	The artists hid the scientist .	non-entailment
After the bankers fought the manager arrived .	The bankers fought the manager .	non-entailment
After the student hid the judge recognized the scientists .	The student hid the judge .	non-entailment
Although the secretary moved the scientists encouraged the tourists .	The secretary moved the scientists .	non-entailment
When the tourist moved the artist introduced the athletes .	The tourist moved the artist .	non-entailment
Because the artist paid the senator thanked the author .	The artist paid the senator .	non-entailment
Although the manager paid the authors mentioned the judge .	The manager paid the authors .	non-entailment
While the banker hid the doctor resigned .	The banker hid the doctor .	non-entailment
Since the scientists studied the student mentioned the manager .	The scientists studied the student .	non-entailment
Before the judges stopped the artist shouted .	The judges stopped the artist .	non-entailment
When the judge presented the secretary called the artists .	The judge presented the secretary .	non-entailment
Because the lawyer moved the artist arrived .	The lawyer moved the artist .	non-entailment
While the manager moved the lawyer shouted .	The manager moved the lawyer .	non-entailment
Since the secretaries hid the tourists supported the actor .	The secretaries hid the tourists .	non-entailment
Before the president hid the professor shouted .	The president hid the professor .	non-entailment
Since the students hid the presidents called the artists .	The students hid the presidents .	non-entailment
After the tourist presented the artists saw the lawyers .	The tourist presented the artists .	non-entailment
Because the lawyers stopped the bankers admired the tourist .	The lawyers stopped the bankers .	non-entailment
Since the scientist presented the managers believed the president .	The scientist presented the managers .	non-entailment
Although the scientists studied the presidents recommended the athletes .	The scientists studied the presidents .	non-entailment
After the managers stopped the lawyers performed .	The managers stopped the lawyers .	non-entailment
Since the athletes moved the judges helped the manager .	The athletes moved the judges .	non-entailment
Before the scientists hid the managers slept .	The scientists hid the managers .	non-entailment
When the presidents studied the banker contacted the lawyer .	The presidents studied the banker .	non-entailment
Although the doctor paid the senator performed .	The doctor paid the senator .	non-entailment
Before the professors stopped the students introduced the doctors .	The professors stopped the students .	non-entailment
While the judges stopped the professors ran .	The judges stopped the professors .	non-entailment
Before the students hid the presidents waited .	The students hid the presidents .	non-entailment
Before the senators stopped the professors shouted .	The senators stopped the professors .	non-entailment
Although the banker studied the lawyers danced .	The banker studied the lawyers .	non-entailment
After the senator hid the secretaries performed .	The senator hid the secretaries .	non-entailment
Since the artist presented the athletes admired the president .	The artist presented the athletes .	non-entailment
Although the bankers studied the doctors resigned .	The bankers studied the doctors .	non-entailment
Before the secretary stopped the presidents danced .	The secretary stopped the presidents .	non-entailment
Before the tourists stopped the professor arrived .	The tourists stopped the professor .	non-entailment
When the professors studied the senators contacted the tourists .	The professors studied the senators .	non-entailment
While the students paid the doctor ran .	The students paid the doctor .	non-entailment
Because the secretaries presented the professor slept .	The secretaries presented the professor .	non-entailment
Although the actor presented the judges supported the bankers .	The actor presented the judges .	non-entailment
Although the bankers presented the artist ran .	The bankers presented the artist .	non-entailment
After the professor paid the actors admired the judges .	The professor paid the actors .	non-entailment
When the judge presented the senator resigned .	The judge presented the senator .	non-entailment
Since the doctor studied the tourists thanked the secretary .	The doctor studied the tourists .	non-entailment
While the athletes presented the student supported the president .	The athletes presented the student .	non-entailment
After the secretary presented the banker avoided the manager .	The secretary presented the banker .	non-entailment
While the student moved the athletes recognized the banker .	The student moved the athletes .	non-entailment
Because the bankers hid the senator recognized the tourist .	The bankers hid the senator .	non-entailment
Because the lawyer studied the actors waited .	The lawyer studied the actors .	non-entailment
Before the student studied the tourists waited .	The student studied the tourists .	non-entailment
Although the president hid the scientists mentioned the professors .	The president hid the scientists .	non-entailment
While the artists fought the presidents believed the scientists .	The artists fought the presidents .	non-entailment
Since the managers hid the artist ran .	The managers hid the artist .	non-entailment
Before the professors stopped the senator advised the author .	The professors stopped the senator .	non-entailment
Since the president hid the bankers advised the authors .	The president hid the bankers .	non-entailment
When the doctors presented the manager recommended the professors .	The doctors presented the manager .	non-entailment
Before the professors moved the students performed .	The professors moved the students .	non-entailment
While the professors hid the judges introduced the tourist .	The professors hid the judges .	non-entailment
Before the athletes stopped the actor danced .	The athletes stopped the actor .	non-entailment
Although the bankers fought the author resigned .	The bankers fought the author .	non-entailment
Because the professor studied the tourist encouraged the judge .	The professor studied the tourist .	non-entailment
Since the doctors studied the athletes contacted the professors .	The doctors studied the athletes .	non-entailment
Before the professors studied the student shouted .	The professors studied the student .	non-entailment
While the athlete moved the presidents slept .	The athlete moved the presidents .	non-entailment
Because the lawyers fought the scientists mentioned the senator .	The lawyers fought the scientists .	non-entailment
When the president studied the manager supported the actors .	The president studied the manager .	non-entailment
After the actor studied the artists called the president .	The actor studied the artists .	non-entailment
Because the athlete studied the professors encouraged the lawyer .	The athlete studied the professors .	non-entailment
While the lawyers fought the actors introduced the secretary .	The lawyers fought the actors .	non-entailment
Because the author studied the manager recommended the student .	The author studied the manager .	non-entailment
Because the student hid the judges arrived .	The student hid the judges .	non-entailment
When the athletes fought the lawyers introduced the students .	The athletes fought the lawyers .	non-entailment
Since the senators fought the actor avoided the presidents .	The senators fought the actor .	non-entailment
After the actor studied the judge mentioned the professor .	The actor studied the judge .	non-entailment
Although the actors fought the artists avoided the presidents .	The actors fought the artists .	non-entailment
Although the professors fought the scientist ran .	The professors fought the scientist .	non-entailment
Although the professors fought the lawyers contacted the manager .	The professors fought the lawyers .	non-entailment
Since the artists fought the athletes called the tourists .	The artists fought the athletes .	non-entailment
When the students paid the senators contacted the actors .	The students paid the senators .	non-entailment
When the banker hid the actor encouraged the senator .	The banker hid the actor .	non-entailment
Because the judges fought the managers encouraged the artists .	The judges fought the managers .	non-entailment
Before the actors hid the tourists waited .	The actors hid the tourists .	non-entailment
While the scientists moved the secretaries admired the actor .	The scientists moved the secretaries .	non-entailment
Because the lawyers moved the secretary resigned .	The lawyers moved the secretary .	non-entailment
Before the authors fought the student shouted .	The authors fought the student .	non-entailment
Before the author hid the presidents saw the managers .	The author hid the presidents .	non-entailment
Before the actors hid the secretaries helped the student .	The actors hid the secretaries .	non-entailment
Since the authors moved the president stopped the artist .	The authors moved the president .	non-entailment
When the manager stopped the artists believed the actor .	The manager stopped the artists .	non-entailment
Because the professors presented the student waited .	The professors presented the student .	non-entailment
While the professors hid the judge admired the actor .	The professors hid the judge .	non-entailment
Although the tourists presented the senator avoided the doctor .	The tourists presented the senator .	non-entailment
Because the author presented the judge thanked the professor .	The author presented the judge .	non-entailment
After the student presented the judges helped the senator .	The student presented the judges .	non-entailment
Since the manager studied the athletes supported the president .	The manager studied the athletes .	non-entailment
When the scientists fought the artists called the doctors .	The scientists fought the artists .	non-entailment
When the student hid the artists mentioned the tourists .	The student hid the artists .	non-entailment
Although the artist presented the bankers mentioned the athlete .	The artist presented the bankers .	non-entailment
Before the artists fought the authors avoided the actor .	The artists fought the authors .	non-entailment
Because the senators presented the student recommended the authors .	The senators presented the student .	non-entailment
Before the secretaries moved the judges stopped the authors .	The secretaries moved the judges .	non-entailment
Since the student moved the professors slept .	The student moved the professors .	non-entailment
Before the artist stopped the students shouted .	The artist stopped the students .	non-entailment
While the artists fought the managers supported the tourist .	The artists fought the managers .	non-entailment
While the athlete paid the presidents contacted the professors .	The athlete paid the presidents .	non-entailment
While the artists fought the actors slept .	The artists fought the actors .	non-entailment
While the bankers studied the scientists mentioned the actor .	The bankers studied the scientists .	non-entailment
After the doctors presented the lawyers encouraged the student .	The doctors presented the lawyers .	non-entailment
Although the athlete presented the author waited .	The athlete presented the author .	non-entailment
While the athletes paid the senators encouraged the tourists .	The athletes paid the senators .	non-entailment
After the artists presented the judge arrived .	The artists presented the judge .	non-entailment
Although the tourist hid the judge contacted the secretary .	The tourist hid the judge .	non-entailment
Since the bankers paid the athlete supported the artists .	The bankers paid the athlete .	non-entailment
Before the professor stopped the authors slept .	The professor stopped the authors .	non-entailment
Before the authors moved the artists danced .	The authors moved the artists .	non-entailment
Since the scientists fought the secretary slept .	The scientists fought the secretary .	non-entailment
While the senator presented the student shouted .	The senator presented the student .	non-entailment
After the scientists presented the banker saw the tourists .	The scientists presented the banker .	non-entailment
Although the scientist studied the judge recommended the artists .	The scientist studied the judge .	non-entailment
While the student studied the tourists thanked the scientists .	The student studied the tourists .	non-entailment
Because the senators studied the professor recommended the lawyers .	The senators studied the professor .	non-entailment
Since the professors presented the athletes performed .	The professors presented the athletes .	non-entailment
Because the judges paid the authors recognized the president .	The judges paid the authors .	non-entailment
After the athletes hid the judge resigned .	The athletes hid the judge .	non-entailment
Although the senator stopped the professors introduced the bankers .	The senator stopped the professors .	non-entailment
Before the scientist moved the artist thanked the doctor .	The scientist moved the artist .	non-entailment
After the lawyers fought the actor helped the tourists .	The lawyers fought the actor .	non-entailment
Although the secretary studied the senator thanked the presidents .	The secretary studied the senator .	non-entailment
While the banker moved the student danced .	The banker moved the student .	non-entailment
Because the lawyer stopped the scientist danced .	The lawyer stopped the scientist .	non-entailment
When the professor studied the actor arrived .	The professor studied the actor .	non-entailment
Since the lawyers paid the tourist admired the athlete .	The lawyers paid the tourist .	non-entailment
When the secretary paid the actor recommended the managers .	The secretary paid the actor .	non-entailment
Since the bankers fought the doctors stopped the lawyer .	The bankers fought the doctors .	non-entailment
Since the scientist paid the doctors encouraged the bankers .	The scientist paid the doctors .	non-entailment
Because the senators studied the professors advised the scientist .	The senators studied the professors .	non-entailment
Because the secretaries hid the student avoided the doctor .	The secretaries hid the student .	non-entailment
When the author moved the students stopped the senators .	The author moved the students .	non-entailment
After the doctors stopped the bankers introduced the secretaries .	The doctors stopped the bankers .	non-entailment
Before the judge presented the presidents shouted .	The judge presented the presidents .	non-entailment
Before the artist studied the lawyers performed .	The artist studied the lawyers .	non-entailment
When the bankers fought the manager encouraged the scientist .	The bankers fought the manager .	non-entailment
After the artists paid the student stopped the secretaries .	The artists paid the student .	non-entailment
After the athletes presented the professor mentioned the doctors .	The athletes presented the professor .	non-entailment
After the scientist moved the tourists supported the actors .	The scientist moved the tourists .	non-entailment
Although the judge hid the lawyers believed the banker .	The judge hid the lawyers .	non-entailment
After the artist moved the manager danced .	The artist moved the manager .	non-entailment
While the judge moved the secretary shouted .	The judge moved the secretary .	non-entailment
After the actors moved the bankers stopped the president .	The actors moved the bankers .	non-entailment
Since the actor stopped the senators called the artists .	The actor stopped the senators .	non-entailment
After the bankers stopped the secretary recognized the professors .	The bankers stopped the secretary .	non-entailment
When the judges studied the students introduced the president .	The judges studied the students .	non-entailment
While the doctors paid the judge avoided the manager .	The doctors paid the judge .	non-entailment
After the tourists presented the secretary mentioned the bankers .	The tourists presented the secretary .	non-entailment
After the scientists stopped the artists slept .	The scientists stopped the artists .	non-entailment
Although the doctors fought the scientists saw the manager .	The doctors fought the scientists .	non-entailment
Because the students hid the managers thanked the professors .	The students hid the managers .	non-entailment
Before the professors hid the artist mentioned the president .	The professors hid the artist .	non-entailment
Since the tourist hid the bankers encouraged the author .	The tourist hid the bankers .	non-entailment
Before the managers hid the lawyers slept .	The managers hid the lawyers .	non-entailment
While the president studied the bankers ran .	The president studied the bankers .	non-entailment
Since the athletes presented the doctor called the professor .	The athletes presented the doctor .	non-entailment
Since the authors presented the secretaries resigned .	The authors presented the secretaries .	non-entailment
When the artists fought the tourists called the author .	The artists fought the tourists .	non-entailment
While the scientist paid the secretaries recommended the athletes .	The scientist paid the secretaries .	non-entailment
Because the tourist moved the artists advised the students .	The tourist moved the artists .	non-entailment
While the authors fought the secretary contacted the professor .	The authors fought the secretary .	non-entailment
Since the actors paid the manager ran .	The actors paid the manager .	non-entailment
Because the author hid the scientist shouted .	The author hid the scientist .	non-entailment
Before the lawyer studied the professors waited .	The lawyer studied the professors .	non-entailment
Because the authors fought the presidents arrived .	The authors fought the presidents .	non-entailment
Before the athlete presented the tourists thanked the authors .	The athlete presented the tourists .	non-entailment
While the secretaries moved the senators thanked the tourist .	The secretaries moved the senators .	non-entailment
Since the senators stopped the artist supported the scientist .	The senators stopped the artist .	non-entailment
While the scientists studied the manager arrived .	The scientists studied the manager .	non-entailment
Because the doctors fought the students saw the secretary .	The doctors fought the students .	non-entailment
After the judges fought the artist believed the manager .	The judges fought the artist .	non-entailment
When the banker paid the tourist slept .	The banker paid the tourist .	non-entailment
Because the bankers studied the presidents helped the professor .	The bankers studied the presidents .	non-entailment
Because the doctor stopped the senator shouted .	The doctor stopped the senator .	non-entailment
While the banker presented the student introduced the president .	The banker presented the student .	non-entailment
Because the athletes paid the artists called the secretaries .	The athletes paid the artists .	non-entailment
Before the professors fought the bankers mentioned the student .	The professors fought the bankers .	non-entailment
Before the author moved the tourists advised the secretary .	The author moved the tourists .	non-entailment
When the professors hid the tourists supported the artists .	The professors hid the tourists .	non-entailment
After the senator presented the bankers recommended the lawyers .	The senator presented the bankers .	non-entailment
After the doctors paid the senators slept .	The doctors paid the senators .	non-entailment
Since the president stopped the tourists shouted .	The president stopped the tourists .	non-entailment
Since the bankers studied the senator admired the athlete .	The bankers studied the senator .	non-entailment
Before the presidents stopped the professors avoided the authors .	The presidents stopped the professors .	non-entailment
When the actor stopped the tourists slept .	The actor stopped the tourists .	non-entailment
When the author hid the secretary recognized the actors .	The author hid the secretary .	non-entailment
Because the banker studied the senators arrived .	The banker studied the senators .	non-entailment
When the actor hid the tourists waited .	The actor hid the tourists .	non-entailment
Because the athletes stopped the senator performed .	The athletes stopped the senator .	non-entailment
Since the athlete moved the scientist encouraged the artist .	The athlete moved the scientist .	non-entailment
While the tourists studied the athlete shouted .	The tourists studied the athlete .	non-entailment
Since the authors stopped the professors introduced the scientists .	The authors stopped the professors .	non-entailment
Before the scientists stopped the judges mentioned the tourists .	The scientists stopped the judges .	non-entailment
When the judges studied the scientist recommended the author .	The judges studied the scientist .	non-entailment
When the managers fought the athlete contacted the tourist .	The managers fought the athlete .	non-entailment
Before the secretaries moved the doctor stopped the bankers .	The secretaries moved the doctor .	non-entailment
Because the lawyer presented the student believed the professor .	The lawyer presented the student .	non-entailment
Because the students studied the banker saw the doctor .	The students studied the banker .	non-entailment
Although the judge moved the tourist recommended the athlete .	The judge moved the tourist .	non-entailment
When the author moved the lawyer thanked the professor .	The author moved the lawyer .	non-entailment
Although the senator moved the artist danced .	The senator moved the artist .	non-entailment
Before the presidents hid the professor advised the students .	The presidents hid the professor .	non-entailment
While the doctors paid the manager ran .	The doctors paid the manager .	non-entailment
Although the doctors fought the president thanked the professors .	The doctors fought the president .	non-entailment
Although the artists fought the manager resigned .	The artists fought the manager .	non-entailment
While the secretaries fought the judges helped the student .	The secretaries fought the judges .	non-entailment
Since the judges studied the artist thanked the athlete .	The judges studied the artist .	non-entailment
Because the professors stopped the athletes recognized the authors .	The professors stopped the athletes .	non-entailment
Because the tourists fought the actors ran .	The tourists fought the actors .	non-entailment
Although the judges fought the secretaries recommended the doctors .	The judges fought the secretaries .	non-entailment
Because the artists fought the actor recognized the author .	The artists fought the actor .	non-entailment
After the senator paid the banker called the doctors .	The senator paid the banker .	non-entailment
Since the athlete studied the secretaries performed .	The athlete studied the secretaries .	non-entailment
After the tourists stopped the banker performed .	The tourists stopped the banker .	non-entailment
Since the artists paid the banker encouraged the tourists .	The artists paid the banker .	non-entailment
After the senators fought the bankers ran .	The senators fought the bankers .	non-entailment
Before the tourists studied the authors resigned .	The tourists studied the authors .	non-entailment
Since the judge presented the secretaries ran .	The judge presented the secretaries .	non-entailment
While the lawyers fought the athletes mentioned the judge .	The lawyers fought the athletes .	non-entailment
When the managers stopped the banker helped the artist .	The managers stopped the banker .	non-entailment
After the professor paid the actor recommended the tourist .	The professor paid the actor .	non-entailment
Because the senators moved the scientists arrived .	The senators moved the scientists .	non-entailment
Although the professors paid the tourists supported the artist .	The professors paid the tourists .	non-entailment
When the athletes fought the professor saw the secretary .	The athletes fought the professor .	non-entailment
Because the secretaries studied the doctor supported the tourists .	The secretaries studied the doctor .	non-entailment
Since the scientist stopped the tourist waited .	The scientist stopped the tourist .	non-entailment
When the judge hid the presidents ran .	The judge hid the presidents .	non-entailment
Because the professors hid the lawyer stopped the tourist .	The professors hid the lawyer .	non-entailment
When the artist paid the doctors advised the president .	The artist paid the doctors .	non-entailment
While the secretaries presented the professor waited .	The secretaries presented the professor .	non-entailment
Before the scientists hid the artist waited .	The scientists hid the artist .	non-entailment
Because the athletes paid the professor introduced the tourist .	The athletes paid the professor .	non-entailment
When the tourist hid the president supported the athlete .	The tourist hid the president .	non-entailment
Although the artist paid the lawyer shouted .	The artist paid the lawyer .	non-entailment
Although the managers paid the tourist slept .	The managers paid the tourist .	non-entailment
While the doctor presented the banker waited .	The doctor presented the banker .	non-entailment
Before the doctor studied the authors ran .	The doctor studied the authors .	non-entailment
Since the manager presented the authors ran .	The manager presented the authors .	non-entailment
Before the student stopped the lawyers thanked the tourists .	The student stopped the lawyers .	non-entailment
Because the doctor presented the artist admired the judge .	The doctor presented the artist .	non-entailment
Before the authors studied the banker recommended the secretary .	The authors studied the banker .	non-entailment
Since the bankers moved the athlete performed .	The bankers moved the athlete .	non-entailment
After the lawyer presented the author called the tourist .	The lawyer presented the author .	non-entailment
Because the senator paid the judge recommended the professors .	The senator paid the judge .	non-entailment
Since the senator paid the author waited .	The senator paid the author .	non-entailment
After the president presented the doctor encouraged the lawyer .	The president presented the doctor .	non-entailment
Because the doctor moved the tourist shouted .	The doctor moved the tourist .	non-entailment
Since the authors hid the doctor saw the student .	The authors hid the doctor .	non-entailment
Before the bankers paid the professors stopped the senators .	The bankers paid the professors .	non-entailment
After the president studied the students arrived .	The president studied the students .	non-entailment
After the lawyers presented the author shouted .	The lawyers presented the author .	non-entailment
After the banker hid the tourists performed .	The banker hid the tourists .	non-entailment
While the artist moved the senators shouted .	The artist moved the senators .	non-entailment
When the lawyer moved the manager arrived .	The lawyer moved the manager .	non-entailment
Although the student presented the senator waited .	The student presented the senator .	non-entailment
Although the manager moved the authors contacted the judges .	The manager moved the authors .	non-entailment
Because the judge paid the student contacted the banker .	The judge paid the student .	non-entailment
After the bankers stopped the authors introduced the doctors .	The bankers stopped the authors .	non-entailment
Because the tourist paid the judges stopped the scientists .	The tourist paid the judges .	non-entailment
After the lawyer stopped the students shouted .	The lawyer stopped the students .	non-entailment
Because the actor stopped the athlete thanked the presidents .	The actor stopped the athlete .	non-entailment
After the secretary hid the students thanked the lawyers .	The secretary hid the students .	non-entailment
While the scientist paid the athlete slept .	The scientist paid the athlete .	non-entailment
Because the lawyers fought the students shouted .	The lawyers fought the students .	non-entailment
When the artist stopped the professor encouraged the lawyers .	The artist stopped the professor .	non-entailment
When the actors studied the lawyers recommended the scientists .	The actors studied the lawyers .	non-entailment
After the actor moved the president recognized the manager .	The actor moved the president .	non-entailment
After the students studied the professor avoided the authors .	The students studied the professor .	non-entailment
Because the lawyers studied the professor slept .	The lawyers studied the professor .	non-entailment
When the scientists presented the senator performed .	The scientists presented the senator .	non-entailment
While the president stopped the scientists recommended the secretary .	The president stopped the scientists .	non-entailment
While the lawyer paid the bankers introduced the presidents .	The lawyer paid the bankers .	non-entailment
When the tourist studied the professors arrived .	The tourist studied the professors .	non-entailment
Because the doctor studied the actor helped the tourist .	The doctor studied the actor .	non-entailment
Because the professor paid the judge advised the lawyer .	The professor paid the judge .	non-entailment
Because the judges moved the banker shouted .	The judges moved the banker .	non-entailment
Because the doctors paid the presidents arrived .	The doctors paid the presidents .	non-entailment
While the doctor presented the lawyer thanked the senator .	The doctor presented the lawyer .	non-entailment
Since the banker moved the athletes believed the professor .	The banker moved the athletes .	non-entailment
Before the lawyers fought the managers encouraged the actor .	The lawyers fought the managers .	non-entailment
After the secretaries fought the tourist admired the lawyer .	The secretaries fought the tourist .	non-entailment
Before the student presented the professors saw the artists .	The student presented the professors .	non-entailment
After the secretary presented the lawyer believed the professor .	The secretary presented the lawyer .	non-entailment
When the senator presented the doctor believed the presidents .	The senator presented the doctor .	non-entailment
Since the lawyer presented the senator admired the tourists .	The lawyer presented the senator .	non-entailment
Since the professors paid the banker admired the scientist .	The professors paid the banker .	non-entailment
Although the professors studied the athletes danced .	The professors studied the athletes .	non-entailment
Before the athletes paid the secretaries helped the authors .	The athletes paid the secretaries .	non-entailment
After the doctor presented the actors arrived .	The doctor presented the actors .	non-entailment
Because the scientist paid the president admired the tourist .	The scientist paid the president .	non-entailment
Before the managers presented the tourist supported the author .	The managers presented the tourist .	non-entailment
After the lawyer hid the tourists contacted the professor .	The lawyer hid the tourists .	non-entailment
Before the doctors paid the judges helped the banker .	The doctors paid the judges .	non-entailment
While the bankers studied the artist slept .	The bankers studied the artist .	non-entailment
After the judges studied the senators stopped the manager .	The judges studied the senators .	non-entailment
After the judges fought the scientists avoided the tourists .	The judges fought the scientists .	non-entailment
Because the lawyers stopped the tourist recognized the managers .	The lawyers stopped the tourist .	non-entailment
After the authors moved the professors stopped the presidents .	The authors moved the professors .	non-entailment
When the doctors fought the students avoided the authors .	The doctors fought the students .	non-entailment
Although the doctor hid the students believed the professor .	The doctor hid the students .	non-entailment
While the secretary paid the doctor introduced the tourists .	The secretary paid the doctor .	non-entailment
While the tourists fought the secretaries avoided the athlete .	The tourists fought the secretaries .	non-entailment
After the artist studied the tourist shouted .	The artist studied the tourist .	non-entailment
When the judges paid the student supported the professors .	The judges paid the student .	non-entailment
After the professor paid the students danced .	The professor paid the students .	non-entailment
Since the judge stopped the student recommended the managers .	The judge stopped the student .	non-entailment
Although the athletes fought the actors arrived .	The athletes fought the actors .	non-entailment
Since the student paid the professor admired the author .	The student paid the professor .	non-entailment
While the doctor moved the athlete saw the judge .	The doctor moved the athlete .	non-entailment
Although the artists fought the secretary mentioned the senator .	The artists fought the secretary .	non-entailment
While the senators hid the professors resigned .	The senators hid the professors .	non-entailment
Although the presidents presented the student believed the doctors .	The presidents presented the student .	non-entailment
Because the tourist moved the actors called the senators .	The tourist moved the actors .	non-entailment
While the artists hid the senator saw the scientists .	The artists hid the senator .	non-entailment
Before the actor studied the artists advised the senator .	The actor studied the artists .	non-entailment
Before the doctor paid the author arrived .	The doctor paid the author .	non-entailment
Because the doctors fought the athletes arrived .	The doctors fought the athletes .	non-entailment
Since the artists fought the athletes performed .	The artists fought the athletes .	non-entailment
While the students stopped the actors slept .	The students stopped the actors .	non-entailment
Because the banker presented the judges stopped the doctors .	The banker presented the judges .	non-entailment
When the student moved the scientists avoided the tourists .	The student moved the scientists .	non-entailment
Before the tourist moved the professor advised the senators .	The tourist moved the professor .	non-entailment
Although the president stopped the author avoided the scientists .	The president stopped the author .	non-entailment
When the tourists fought the professor shouted .	The tourists fought the professor .	non-entailment
After the students presented the professor danced .	The students presented the professor .	non-entailment
Since the authors stopped the lawyers helped the managers .	The authors stopped the lawyers .	non-entailment
Although the students paid the secretary arrived .	The students paid the secretary .	non-entailment
Since the senator stopped the artists danced .	The senator stopped the artists .	non-entailment
When the artists presented the manager ran .	The artists presented the manager .	non-entailment
Since the president presented the student mentioned the secretary .	The president presented the student .	non-entailment
After the presidents stopped the student helped the author .	The presidents stopped the student .	non-entailment
When the secretaries moved the students supported the scientist .	The secretaries moved the students .	non-entailment
Before the scientist hid the athletes performed .	The scientist hid the athletes .	non-entailment
Since the student presented the actor admired the professors .	The student presented the actor .	non-entailment
Because the senator presented the tourists contacted the authors .	The senator presented the tourists .	non-entailment
Although the presidents stopped the manager waited .	The presidents stopped the manager .	non-entailment
Although the secretary studied the president danced .	The secretary studied the president .	non-entailment
When the secretaries presented the senators slept .	The secretaries presented the senators .	non-entailment
While the actors hid the president shouted .	The actors hid the president .	non-entailment
After the doctor moved the manager contacted the tourists .	The doctor moved the manager .	non-entailment
When the president hid the athletes avoided the authors .	The president hid the athletes .	non-entailment
Since the managers paid the athlete believed the scientist .	The managers paid the athlete .	non-entailment
While the presidents moved the professor ran .	The presidents moved the professor .	non-entailment
After the senator studied the scientists avoided the students .	The senator studied the scientists .	non-entailment
Although the author presented the scientists saw the athletes .	The author presented the scientists .	non-entailment
While the senators fought the president resigned .	The senators fought the president .	non-entailment
While the senators presented the secretaries mentioned the scientists .	The senators presented the secretaries .	non-entailment
Before the banker studied the athlete believed the author .	The banker studied the athlete .	non-entailment
While the doctors moved the president admired the bankers .	The doctors moved the president .	non-entailment
While the authors stopped the banker supported the scientists .	The authors stopped the banker .	non-entailment
While the lawyers fought the athletes resigned .	The lawyers fought the athletes .	non-entailment
Since the presidents studied the student introduced the doctor .	The presidents studied the student .	non-entailment
Because the professors moved the manager waited .	The professors moved the manager .	non-entailment
Since the doctor studied the president helped the manager .	The doctor studied the president .	non-entailment
When the doctors stopped the athletes avoided the manager .	The doctors stopped the athletes .	non-entailment
Before the senators moved the athlete admired the scientist .	The senators moved the athlete .	non-entailment
While the secretary moved the actor contacted the author .	The secretary moved the actor .	non-entailment
Although the banker hid the lawyer mentioned the artist .	The banker hid the lawyer .	non-entailment
Although the artist moved the judges called the tourist .	The artist moved the judges .	non-entailment
Before the artists hid the students performed .	The artists hid the students .	non-entailment
While the athletes stopped the secretaries avoided the president .	The athletes stopped the secretaries .	non-entailment
Before the presidents presented the scientists recognized the artists .	The presidents presented the scientists .	non-entailment
After the actors presented the artists admired the doctor .	The actors presented the artists .	non-entailment
Before the managers fought the artist believed the student .	The managers fought the artist .	non-entailment
After the tourist paid the professors danced .	The tourist paid the professors .	non-entailment
Although the judges studied the athlete supported the scientist .	The judges studied the athlete .	non-entailment
Since the judges fought the athlete recommended the manager .	The judges fought the athlete .	non-entailment
After the judges stopped the artists helped the professor .	The judges stopped the artists .	non-entailment
When the banker hid the athletes helped the senator .	The banker hid the athletes .	non-entailment
Since the athlete moved the actors slept .	The athlete moved the actors .	non-entailment
Before the judge stopped the scientist waited .	The judge stopped the scientist .	non-entailment
After the tourists paid the lawyer waited .	The tourists paid the lawyer .	non-entailment
Before the students fought the senator recognized the doctor .	The students fought the senator .	non-entailment
Although the scientists moved the managers advised the president .	The scientists moved the managers .	non-entailment
After the lawyer hid the scientists helped the doctors .	The lawyer hid the scientists .	non-entailment
Because the senator studied the managers resigned .	The senator studied the managers .	non-entailment
Although the lawyer moved the tourist encouraged the professor .	The lawyer moved the tourist .	non-entailment
Although the secretaries fought the scientist avoided the lawyers .	The secretaries fought the scientist .	non-entailment
After the tourists fought the bankers helped the artist .	The tourists fought the bankers .	non-entailment
When the secretaries studied the doctor recommended the actor .	The secretaries studied the doctor .	non-entailment
Since the judge paid the lawyers believed the actors .	The judge paid the lawyers .	non-entailment
Although the senators studied the artist slept .	The senators studied the artist .	non-entailment
Before the manager hid the athlete arrived .	The manager hid the athlete .	non-entailment
While the athletes fought the managers slept .	The athletes fought the managers .	non-entailment
Since the students paid the actors called the lawyers .	The students paid the actors .	non-entailment
Since the bankers fought the senator contacted the artist .	The bankers fought the senator .	non-entailment
While the senators fought the artist believed the banker .	The senators fought the artist .	non-entailment
After the banker hid the tourist performed .	The banker hid the tourist .	non-entailment
Since the tourists paid the professors performed .	The tourists paid the professors .	non-entailment
After the doctors fought the judges waited .	The doctors fought the judges .	non-entailment
While the lawyer paid the doctor arrived .	The lawyer paid the doctor .	non-entailment
After the professors presented the secretaries recommended the authors .	The professors presented the secretaries .	non-entailment
Although the artists hid the student advised the scientists .	The artists hid the student .	non-entailment
Before the scientists moved the actor avoided the author .	The scientists moved the actor .	non-entailment
Before the doctors paid the judges waited .	The doctors paid the judges .	non-entailment
Because the secretary paid the professor ran .	The secretary paid the professor .	non-entailment
Before the professor hid the secretary introduced the judges .	The professor hid the secretary .	non-entailment
Because the tourist presented the secretaries admired the president .	The tourist presented the secretaries .	non-entailment
Since the scientist hid the bankers avoided the lawyers .	The scientist hid the bankers .	non-entailment
Although the senators paid the author mentioned the manager .	The senators paid the author .	non-entailment
When the lawyer paid the students performed .	The lawyer paid the students .	non-entailment
Because the presidents stopped the senators recognized the secretary .	The presidents stopped the senators .	non-entailment
After the secretary paid the bankers performed .	The secretary paid the bankers .	non-entailment
Since the professor moved the artists avoided the scientists .	The professor moved the artists .	non-entailment
While the athletes presented the professors slept .	The athletes presented the professors .	non-entailment
When the student moved the tourist arrived .	The student moved the tourist .	non-entailment
After the lawyer presented the secretary recommended the scientists .	The lawyer presented the secretary .	non-entailment
Although the tourists hid the doctor shouted .	The tourists hid the doctor .	non-entailment
After the professors paid the senator advised the artists .	The professors paid the senator .	non-entailment
After the actors fought the senators saw the judges .	The actors fought the senators .	non-entailment
Before the judges paid the bankers thanked the secretary .	The judges paid the bankers .	non-entailment
Because the secretary stopped the judges shouted .	The secretary stopped the judges .	non-entailment
After the senator hid the student shouted .	The senator hid the student .	non-entailment
Before the lawyers fought the artists encouraged the judge .	The lawyers fought the artists .	non-entailment
When the secretaries fought the tourist helped the author .	The secretaries fought the tourist .	non-entailment
Because the scientist paid the professors saw the actors .	The scientist paid the professors .	non-entailment
When the artists paid the athlete recognized the actor .	The artists paid the athlete .	non-entailment
When the tourist presented the bankers ran .	The tourist presented the bankers .	non-entailment
Because the professors fought the lawyer recognized the student .	The professors fought the lawyer .	non-entailment
Since the doctors paid the senators believed the actors .	The doctors paid the senators .	non-entailment
Although the senators stopped the manager contacted the athlete .	The senators stopped the manager .	non-entailment
Since the senators fought the students contacted the secretaries .	The senators fought the students .	non-entailment
When the students paid the secretaries admired the senators .	The students paid the secretaries .	non-entailment
Since the banker studied the managers waited .	The banker studied the managers .	non-entailment
Since the secretaries moved the artists slept .	The secretaries moved the artists .	non-entailment
Since the athletes hid the tourist performed .	The athletes hid the tourist .	non-entailment
Since the presidents stopped the students recommended the authors .	The presidents stopped the students .	non-entailment
Since the senators moved the lawyer recognized the secretaries .	The senators moved the lawyer .	non-entailment
Since the manager paid the author slept .	The manager paid the author .	non-entailment
Because the scientists stopped the artist slept .	The scientists stopped the artist .	non-entailment
Because the students hid the secretary arrived .	The students hid the secretary .	non-entailment
Since the senators hid the manager danced .	The senators hid the manager .	non-entailment
Although the managers paid the actors slept .	The managers paid the actors .	non-entailment
Although the athlete presented the lawyers believed the actor .	The athlete presented the lawyers .	non-entailment
When the professor studied the manager supported the artist .	The professor studied the manager .	non-entailment
Before the senators studied the president advised the author .	The senators studied the president .	non-entailment
When the artist stopped the doctor admired the tourists .	The artist stopped the doctor .	non-entailment
After the artists presented the president avoided the student .	The artists presented the president .	non-entailment
Before the president studied the manager admired the actor .	The president studied the manager .	non-entailment
When the tourist paid the scientists advised the artists .	The tourist paid the scientists .	non-entailment
While the artist paid the manager called the judge .	The artist paid the manager .	non-entailment
Although the athletes moved the secretaries saw the judges .	The athletes moved the secretaries .	non-entailment
Before the athlete studied the bankers encouraged the actor .	The athlete studied the bankers .	non-entailment
Before the doctors fought the tourists advised the secretaries .	The doctors fought the tourists .	non-entailment
Because the manager studied the senators thanked the doctors .	The manager studied the senators .	non-entailment
While the scientist moved the senators contacted the lawyer .	The scientist moved the senators .	non-entailment
After the actors moved the tourists called the scientist .	The actors moved the tourists .	non-entailment
Before the athletes hid the student resigned .	The athletes hid the student .	non-entailment
While the secretaries paid the senators introduced the professors .	The secretaries paid the senators .	non-entailment
Since the professors presented the managers danced .	The professors presented the managers .	non-entailment
After the lawyer presented the judge performed .	The lawyer presented the judge .	non-entailment
When the actors paid the athlete recognized the tourists .	The actors paid the athlete .	non-entailment
Although the presidents studied the scientists admired the professors .	The presidents studied the scientists .	non-entailment
Although the actors paid the tourists contacted the manager .	The actors paid the tourists .	non-entailment
While the athletes paid the lawyers stopped the senator .	The athletes paid the lawyers .	non-entailment
Because the students stopped the scientists introduced the manager .	The students stopped the scientists .	non-entailment
Although the artists presented the actors slept .	The artists presented the actors .	non-entailment
Although the president studied the artists avoided the secretary .	The president studied the artists .	non-entailment
When the professors presented the judge shouted .	The professors presented the judge .	non-entailment
After the lawyer presented the banker arrived .	The lawyer presented the banker .	non-entailment
While the athletes presented the authors thanked the secretary .	The athletes presented the authors .	non-entailment
Since the actors paid the student helped the authors .	The actors paid the student .	non-entailment
While the managers fought the judge helped the scientists .	The managers fought the judge .	non-entailment
Because the athletes stopped the secretary ran .	The athletes stopped the secretary .	non-entailment
Since the secretaries hid the scientist arrived .	The secretaries hid the scientist .	non-entailment
When the actors paid the author encouraged the artist .	The actors paid the author .	non-entailment
When the bankers moved the tourist saw the artist .	The bankers moved the tourist .	non-entailment
While the bankers fought the actor saw the judge .	The bankers fought the actor .	non-entailment
Because the senator studied the secretary arrived .	The senator studied the secretary .	non-entailment
Before the actor studied the author saw the lawyer .	The actor studied the author .	non-entailment
While the professors hid the scientist resigned .	The professors hid the scientist .	non-entailment
After the doctors stopped the manager thanked the authors .	The doctors stopped the manager .	non-entailment
Since the judge studied the lawyers introduced the tourists .	The judge studied the lawyers .	non-entailment
After the secretaries fought the student thanked the senators .	The secretaries fought the student .	non-entailment
Because the professors hid the actor helped the lawyer .	The professors hid the actor .	non-entailment
While the lawyers studied the manager advised the senators .	The lawyers studied the manager .	non-entailment
Although the professors paid the scientists slept .	The professors paid the scientists .	non-entailment
When the presidents fought the scientist recommended the manager .	The presidents fought the scientist .	non-entailment
While the manager studied the student recognized the scientist .	The manager studied the student .	non-entailment
After the senators stopped the authors avoided the doctors .	The senators stopped the authors .	non-entailment
Since the lawyers stopped the students helped the tourists .	The lawyers stopped the students .	non-entailment
Before the professors fought the secretaries ran .	The professors fought the secretaries .	non-entailment
Before the secretaries fought the authors contacted the athletes .	The secretaries fought the authors .	non-entailment
Since the students hid the judge stopped the lawyer .	The students hid the judge .	non-entailment
Although the athletes presented the judge avoided the bankers .	The athletes presented the judge .	non-entailment
Before the tourists presented the secretary helped the student .	The tourists presented the secretary .	non-entailment
When the actor paid the bankers arrived .	The actor paid the bankers .	non-entailment
Because the judges studied the manager arrived .	The judges studied the manager .	non-entailment
While the professors studied the actor believed the tourist .	The professors studied the actor .	non-entailment
After the professor stopped the judges waited .	The professor stopped the judges .	non-entailment
Before the artist paid the tourists arrived .	The artist paid the tourists .	non-entailment
Although the artists stopped the scientist shouted .	The artists stopped the scientist .	non-entailment
Before the scientists paid the actors ran .	The scientists paid the actors .	non-entailment
When the scientists fought the professors encouraged the secretary .	The scientists fought the professors .	non-entailment
Because the artists paid the lawyer danced .	The artists paid the lawyer .	non-entailment
Since the doctor studied the senators introduced the actor .	The doctor studied the senators .	non-entailment
Before the bankers moved the scientist recommended the secretaries .	The bankers moved the scientist .	non-entailment
Since the doctor hid the professor performed .	The doctor hid the professor .	non-entailment
When the tourist hid the secretary encouraged the doctors .	The tourist hid the secretary .	non-entailment
Since the manager paid the banker slept .	The manager paid the banker .	non-entailment
Before the doctors presented the professor shouted .	The doctors presented the professor .	non-entailment
After the doctors studied the president slept .	The doctors studied the president .	non-entailment
Although the scientist studied the manager admired the professor .	The scientist studied the manager .	non-entailment
Since the athletes hid the lawyers recognized the doctors .	The athletes hid the lawyers .	non-entailment
After the banker hid the judge called the presidents .	The banker hid the judge .	non-entailment
Because the managers studied the secretaries slept .	The managers studied the secretaries .	non-entailment
Although the professor hid the secretaries danced .	The professor hid the secretaries .	non-entailment
When the student paid the artist contacted the scientist .	The student paid the artist .	non-entailment
Although the tourists fought the lawyer stopped the actors .	The tourists fought the lawyer .	non-entailment
While the artist hid the president stopped the scientist .	The artist hid the president .	non-entailment
When the bankers studied the judges shouted .	The bankers studied the judges .	non-entailment
While the doctors presented the professors danced .	The doctors presented the professors .	non-entailment
Before the athlete studied the authors advised the actors .	The athlete studied the authors .	non-entailment
Since the athletes fought the secretary supported the actor .	The athletes fought the secretary .	non-entailment
Although the manager paid the lawyer contacted the student .	The manager paid the lawyer .	non-entailment
After the doctor presented the tourists recommended the judge .	The doctor presented the tourists .	non-entailment
When the authors studied the president danced .	The authors studied the president .	non-entailment
While the artists fought the presidents shouted .	The artists fought the presidents .	non-entailment
Although the lawyer moved the banker saw the presidents .	The lawyer moved the banker .	non-entailment
Since the managers fought the artist waited .	The managers fought the artist .	non-entailment
When the secretary presented the president supported the judge .	The secretary presented the president .	non-entailment
While the actors moved the judge shouted .	The actors moved the judge .	non-entailment
When the tourist studied the judge advised the president .	The tourist studied the judge .	non-entailment
After the secretaries fought the artists believed the actor .	The secretaries fought the artists .	non-entailment
After the bankers fought the professors thanked the senators .	The bankers fought the professors .	non-entailment
Because the scientists moved the tourists stopped the actor .	The scientists moved the tourists .	non-entailment
While the secretaries hid the tourist believed the students .	The secretaries hid the tourist .	non-entailment
Since the judges fought the scientists resigned .	The judges fought the scientists .	non-entailment
While the managers hid the banker advised the lawyers .	The managers hid the banker .	non-entailment
Because the student hid the scientists thanked the actor .	The student hid the scientists .	non-entailment
Before the students fought the professors avoided the lawyer .	The students fought the professors .	non-entailment
After the student paid the secretaries stopped the manager .	The student paid the secretaries .	non-entailment
Because the judges hid the athletes arrived .	The judges hid the athletes .	non-entailment
When the students hid the secretaries slept .	The students hid the secretaries .	non-entailment
Since the senators studied the lawyer slept .	The senators studied the lawyer .	non-entailment
Although the professors fought the judges performed .	The professors fought the judges .	non-entailment
When the senator hid the judges helped the professor .	The senator hid the judges .	non-entailment
After the scientist moved the secretary avoided the senators .	The scientist moved the secretary .	non-entailment
Although the scientist moved the banker contacted the doctor .	The scientist moved the banker .	non-entailment
While the artist hid the secretaries believed the judges .	The artist hid the secretaries .	non-entailment
After the doctor stopped the lawyers ran .	The doctor stopped the lawyers .	non-entailment
When the doctor stopped the authors advised the professor .	The doctor stopped the authors .	non-entailment
Although the lawyers paid the president shouted .	The lawyers paid the president .	non-entailment
Before the professor studied the doctors arrived .	The professor studied the doctors .	non-entailment
Although the presidents fought the judges danced .	The presidents fought the judges .	non-entailment
Although the managers fought the professors shouted .	The managers fought the professors .	non-entailment
Before the professor hid the athletes thanked the authors .	The professor hid the athletes .	non-entailment
After the athletes stopped the students ran .	The athletes stopped the students .	non-entailment
When the judge moved the lawyer waited .	The judge moved the lawyer .	non-entailment
Before the secretary moved the doctors called the tourists .	The secretary moved the doctors .	non-entailment
Since the judge hid the professor encouraged the president .	The judge hid the professor .	non-entailment
Before the presidents hid the actor recommended the students .	The presidents hid the actor .	non-entailment
When the manager studied the students believed the athlete .	The manager studied the students .	non-entailment
Although the athlete paid the banker stopped the students .	The athlete paid the banker .	non-entailment
Since the scientists hid the tourist called the manager .	The scientists hid the tourist .	non-entailment
After the artists studied the senators thanked the president .	The artists studied the senators .	non-entailment
When the presidents stopped the lawyer helped the doctors .	The presidents stopped the lawyer .	non-entailment
While the presidents stopped the senator performed .	The presidents stopped the senator .	non-entailment
While the senators presented the student avoided the professor .	The senators presented the student .	non-entailment
Although the athletes hid the scientists saw the professor .	The athletes hid the scientists .	non-entailment
Although the author moved the senators slept .	The author moved the senators .	non-entailment
While the secretaries paid the senators introduced the students .	The secretaries paid the senators .	non-entailment
After the artists fought the author advised the lawyer .	The artists fought the author .	non-entailment
Although the authors fought the lawyers introduced the judge .	The authors fought the lawyers .	non-entailment
While the actor presented the authors shouted .	The actor presented the authors .	non-entailment
Although the author hid the managers recognized the professor .	The author hid the managers .	non-entailment
Before the athletes presented the author saw the lawyer .	The athletes presented the author .	non-entailment
After the authors studied the judge encouraged the actor .	The authors studied the judge .	non-entailment
After the judges fought the students waited .	The judges fought the students .	non-entailment
Before the senators fought the bankers arrived .	The senators fought the bankers .	non-entailment
Because the tourist moved the scientist slept .	The tourist moved the scientist .	non-entailment
Before the managers presented the lawyers resigned .	The managers presented the lawyers .	non-entailment
Because the presidents stopped the student advised the scientist .	The presidents stopped the student .	non-entailment
Since the actor moved the secretary slept .	The actor moved the secretary .	non-entailment
Before the artists fought the president waited .	The artists fought the president .	non-entailment
Because the president paid the professor resigned .	The president paid the professor .	non-entailment
After the scientist paid the artists slept .	The scientist paid the artists .	non-entailment
Before the tourists moved the presidents avoided the author .	The tourists moved the presidents .	non-entailment
When the author studied the judges supported the artist .	The author studied the judges .	non-entailment
When the tourists presented the professors thanked the artist .	The tourists presented the professors .	non-entailment
After the athlete stopped the author resigned .	The athlete stopped the author .	non-entailment
After the athletes studied the judge helped the doctor .	The athletes studied the judge .	non-entailment
Since the lawyer stopped the bankers avoided the student .	The lawyer stopped the bankers .	non-entailment
Since the judges fought the scientists stopped the author .	The judges fought the scientists .	non-entailment
While the artist studied the athletes thanked the student .	The artist studied the athletes .	non-entailment
Before the author stopped the scientists slept .	The author stopped the scientists .	non-entailment
Since the banker presented the lawyer danced .	The banker presented the lawyer .	non-entailment
After the students studied the judges believed the doctor .	The students studied the judges .	non-entailment
Because the judge presented the scientists shouted .	The judge presented the scientists .	non-entailment
While the senators moved the banker recognized the lawyer .	The senators moved the banker .	non-entailment
Although the managers fought the bankers contacted the judge .	The managers fought the bankers .	non-entailment
Before the athlete paid the author slept .	The athlete paid the author .	non-entailment
Because the athletes presented the actor resigned .	The athletes presented the actor .	non-entailment
After the doctors moved the president helped the professors .	The doctors moved the president .	non-entailment
After the actor stopped the artists resigned .	The actor stopped the artists .	non-entailment
When the author studied the student shouted .	The author studied the student .	non-entailment
Since the artists paid the senators avoided the bankers .	The artists paid the senators .	non-entailment
After the senator studied the judge saw the students .	The senator studied the judge .	non-entailment
While the artists studied the actor supported the doctor .	The artists studied the actor .	non-entailment
Before the professor presented the authors recommended the doctor .	The professor presented the authors .	non-entailment
While the presidents studied the secretaries encouraged the senators .	The presidents studied the secretaries .	non-entailment
While the senators hid the scientist waited .	The senators hid the scientist .	non-entailment
Because the athletes stopped the manager performed .	The athletes stopped the manager .	non-entailment
Since the manager presented the senator thanked the professors .	The manager presented the senator .	non-entailment
Although the authors moved the presidents arrived .	The authors moved the presidents .	non-entailment
Although the judge presented the doctor helped the secretaries .	The judge presented the doctor .	non-entailment
Before the authors hid the students contacted the senators .	The authors hid the students .	non-entailment
While the bankers stopped the president called the senators .	The bankers stopped the president .	non-entailment
Because the banker presented the tourist saw the presidents .	The banker presented the tourist .	non-entailment
Because the president stopped the authors slept .	The president stopped the authors .	non-entailment
After the scientists studied the banker called the secretary .	The scientists studied the banker .	non-entailment
When the tourists stopped the president encouraged the lawyer .	The tourists stopped the president .	non-entailment
While the scientist moved the tourist waited .	The scientist moved the tourist .	non-entailment
Because the tourist hid the artist mentioned the athletes .	The tourist hid the artist .	non-entailment
Since the scientist studied the students shouted .	The scientist studied the students .	non-entailment
While the judge presented the lawyer arrived .	The judge presented the lawyer .	non-entailment
When the tourist moved the scientist danced .	The tourist moved the scientist .	non-entailment
Because the president paid the judge avoided the lawyer .	The president paid the judge .	non-entailment
Although the judges fought the managers arrived .	The judges fought the managers .	non-entailment
Since the professors presented the scientist waited .	The professors presented the scientist .	non-entailment
Although the artist paid the secretaries ran .	The artist paid the secretaries .	non-entailment
Since the tourists hid the artist avoided the judges .	The tourists hid the artist .	non-entailment
When the scientist stopped the managers admired the banker .	The scientist stopped the managers .	non-entailment
Since the scientists paid the judge performed .	The scientists paid the judge .	non-entailment
While the doctors paid the authors danced .	The doctors paid the authors .	non-entailment
Since the doctor stopped the tourists shouted .	The doctor stopped the tourists .	non-entailment
Because the athletes presented the presidents arrived .	The athletes presented the presidents .	non-entailment
When the tourist paid the presidents slept .	The tourist paid the presidents .	non-entailment
Since the managers fought the doctor slept .	The managers fought the doctor .	non-entailment
After the athletes presented the managers resigned .	The athletes presented the managers .	non-entailment
Although the professor hid the bankers ran .	The professor hid the bankers .	non-entailment
Although the president hid the actor thanked the secretaries .	The president hid the actor .	non-entailment
Since the athletes fought the managers admired the artist .	The athletes fought the managers .	non-entailment
Since the doctor studied the lawyers thanked the authors .	The doctor studied the lawyers .	non-entailment
Since the professors fought the manager mentioned the scientists .	The professors fought the manager .	non-entailment
After the presidents stopped the student shouted .	The presidents stopped the student .	non-entailment
While the managers stopped the judge saw the author .	The managers stopped the judge .	non-entailment
While the judges fought the author supported the lawyer .	The judges fought the author .	non-entailment
When the artist studied the scientist danced .	The artist studied the scientist .	non-entailment
Since the judge studied the senator encouraged the artist .	The judge studied the senator .	non-entailment
Although the artists hid the judges recognized the doctors .	The artists hid the judges .	non-entailment
Although the judge hid the doctor avoided the authors .	The judge hid the doctor .	non-entailment
Before the lawyers fought the bankers stopped the judges .	The lawyers fought the bankers .	non-entailment
When the president paid the secretaries avoided the professors .	The president paid the secretaries .	non-entailment
Because the lawyers presented the artist contacted the senators .	The lawyers presented the artist .	non-entailment
Although the banker moved the judge danced .	The banker moved the judge .	non-entailment
While the judge stopped the banker ran .	The judge stopped the banker .	non-entailment
Because the senator stopped the presidents believed the scientists .	The senator stopped the presidents .	non-entailment
When the scientist presented the senators saw the doctors .	The scientist presented the senators .	non-entailment
Before the senators fought the athlete avoided the actor .	The senators fought the athlete .	non-entailment
While the doctors hid the manager mentioned the senators .	The doctors hid the manager .	non-entailment
Since the secretary studied the professor resigned .	The secretary studied the professor .	non-entailment
While the banker presented the artists advised the lawyer .	The banker presented the artists .	non-entailment
Before the senators studied the actor admired the doctor .	The senators studied the actor .	non-entailment
Before the artists paid the president waited .	The artists paid the president .	non-entailment
Before the actor presented the managers advised the secretary .	The actor presented the managers .	non-entailment
While the scientist stopped the managers performed .	The scientist stopped the managers .	non-entailment
Although the actors paid the athlete shouted .	The actors paid the athlete .	non-entailment
After the senators fought the authors avoided the judge .	The senators fought the authors .	non-entailment
After the senator presented the professors shouted .	The senator presented the professors .	non-entailment
Although the artists stopped the secretaries supported the student .	The artists stopped the secretaries .	non-entailment
Although the author hid the lawyers contacted the secretary .	The author hid the lawyers .	non-entailment
After the author presented the scientist recognized the president .	The author presented the scientist .	non-entailment
Because the banker stopped the senator contacted the president .	The banker stopped the senator .	non-entailment
Although the tourist paid the professors danced .	The tourist paid the professors .	non-entailment
Because the managers hid the artist contacted the tourist .	The managers hid the artist .	non-entailment
After the secretary stopped the scientists waited .	The secretary stopped the scientists .	non-entailment
Before the manager stopped the tourist mentioned the actors .	The manager stopped the tourist .	non-entailment
Since the secretaries moved the judge helped the managers .	The secretaries moved the judge .	non-entailment
Although the authors moved the artists thanked the secretary .	The authors moved the artists .	non-entailment
When the manager moved the author saw the artists .	The manager moved the author .	non-entailment
Before the scientists studied the lawyers slept .	The scientists studied the lawyers .	non-entailment
Since the scientists stopped the secretaries saw the presidents .	The scientists stopped the secretaries .	non-entailment
Since the professors fought the actor helped the doctor .	The professors fought the actor .	non-entailment
After the senators fought the judges shouted .	The senators fought the judges .	non-entailment
When the president hid the senators resigned .	The president hid the senators .	non-entailment
Although the judge presented the artists stopped the banker .	The judge presented the artists .	non-entailment
While the athletes hid the artist avoided the author .	The athletes hid the artist .	non-entailment
When the presidents moved the doctors slept .	The presidents moved the doctors .	non-entailment
After the banker moved the artists mentioned the authors .	The banker moved the artists .	non-entailment
After the professor presented the athlete encouraged the tourists .	The professor presented the athlete .	non-entailment
Although the senators hid the scientists performed .	The senators hid the scientists .	non-entailment
While the senator studied the lawyer recognized the judge .	The senator studied the lawyer .	non-entailment
Because the secretaries presented the managers recommended the doctor .	The secretaries presented the managers .	non-entailment
When the athlete hid the managers thanked the doctor .	The athlete hid the managers .	non-entailment
Since the secretaries presented the judge avoided the scientists .	The secretaries presented the judge .	non-entailment
Because the author stopped the senator performed .	The author stopped the senator .	non-entailment
While the actor paid the student arrived .	The actor paid the student .	non-entailment
Because the artist presented the president waited .	The artist presented the president .	non-entailment
Although the tourists stopped the author waited .	The tourists stopped the author .	non-entailment
Before the senators paid the authors recommended the actor .	The senators paid the authors .	non-entailment
After the lawyers fought the doctors saw the actor .	The lawyers fought the doctors .	non-entailment
While the doctors hid the senators mentioned the tourists .	The doctors hid the senators .	non-entailment
When the professors hid the managers thanked the lawyers .	The professors hid the managers .	non-entailment
Although the banker presented the secretaries supported the judges .	The banker presented the secretaries .	non-entailment
Since the senators moved the managers helped the actors .	The senators moved the managers .	non-entailment
Because the secretaries studied the students helped the bankers .	The secretaries studied the students .	non-entailment
When the artist stopped the scientists slept .	The artist stopped the scientists .	non-entailment
Before the doctor presented the judges recognized the tourists .	The doctor presented the judges .	non-entailment
Although the judges hid the tourist saw the managers .	The judges hid the tourist .	non-entailment
When the actors paid the athlete arrived .	The actors paid the athlete .	non-entailment
Although the judges stopped the artist ran .	The judges stopped the artist .	non-entailment
After the doctors fought the artists saw the athletes .	The doctors fought the artists .	non-entailment
While the professors hid the bankers resigned .	The professors hid the bankers .	non-entailment
After the managers stopped the bankers recommended the artists .	The managers stopped the bankers .	non-entailment
When the lawyer stopped the actors danced .	The lawyer stopped the actors .	non-entailment
After the athletes stopped the tourists saw the scientists .	The athletes stopped the tourists .	non-entailment
Because the artists fought the tourists admired the authors .	The artists fought the tourists .	non-entailment
Before the judges paid the student shouted .	The judges paid the student .	non-entailment
When the senator presented the athlete admired the doctor .	The senator presented the athlete .	non-entailment
While the banker paid the presidents believed the athletes .	The banker paid the presidents .	non-entailment
When the doctors fought the actor recognized the managers .	The doctors fought the actor .	non-entailment
Because the lawyers paid the secretaries called the senators .	The lawyers paid the secretaries .	non-entailment
Before the secretaries presented the lawyer admired the doctor .	The secretaries presented the lawyer .	non-entailment
Since the managers moved the lawyers encouraged the bankers .	The managers moved the lawyers .	non-entailment
Although the student moved the secretary contacted the tourists .	The student moved the secretary .	non-entailment
When the students paid the judge admired the authors .	The students paid the judge .	non-entailment
After the banker studied the author stopped the judge .	The banker studied the author .	non-entailment
After the artists fought the judges waited .	The artists fought the judges .	non-entailment
Although the athletes paid the artist encouraged the author .	The athletes paid the artist .	non-entailment
Because the author presented the presidents ran .	The author presented the presidents .	non-entailment
While the banker studied the judge performed .	The banker studied the judge .	non-entailment
Although the artists moved the president encouraged the judges .	The artists moved the president .	non-entailment
Although the artists fought the authors ran .	The artists fought the authors .	non-entailment
After the students moved the actors waited .	The students moved the actors .	non-entailment
Because the senator studied the lawyers helped the secretaries .	The senator studied the lawyers .	non-entailment
When the managers stopped the tourist introduced the judges .	The managers stopped the tourist .	non-entailment
Although the professor studied the presidents recognized the lawyer .	The professor studied the presidents .	non-entailment
When the scientist stopped the manager advised the lawyer .	The scientist stopped the manager .	non-entailment
After the athletes fought the tourists contacted the students .	The athletes fought the tourists .	non-entailment
Although the artists hid the managers recognized the senator .	The artists hid the managers .	non-entailment
Before the judge hid the artist believed the scientists .	The judge hid the artist .	non-entailment
Although the president studied the judge supported the scientists .	The president studied the judge .	non-entailment
When the actor moved the presidents called the secretaries .	The actor moved the presidents .	non-entailment
Because the actors stopped the lawyers mentioned the doctor .	The actors stopped the lawyers .	non-entailment
Before the author hid the students contacted the professor .	The author hid the students .	non-entailment
Because the tourist studied the athlete thanked the scientist .	The tourist studied the athlete .	non-entailment
Since the actor hid the lawyer stopped the author .	The actor hid the lawyer .	non-entailment
When the artist stopped the senator resigned .	The artist stopped the senator .	non-entailment
After the athletes fought the senators arrived .	The athletes fought the senators .	non-entailment
While the president hid the senators slept .	The president hid the senators .	non-entailment
Since the doctor presented the tourists believed the managers .	The doctor presented the tourists .	non-entailment
While the lawyer presented the students supported the artist .	The lawyer presented the students .	non-entailment
When the artists presented the professor mentioned the lawyers .	The artists presented the professor .	non-entailment
Although the senator paid the professors encouraged the scientist .	The senator paid the professors .	non-entailment
Before the athlete stopped the lawyers recommended the senator .	The athlete stopped the lawyers .	non-entailment
After the banker studied the actor supported the doctor .	The banker studied the actor .	non-entailment
After the senators fought the manager called the scientists .	The senators fought the manager .	non-entailment
Before the doctor hid the scientist encouraged the banker .	The doctor hid the scientist .	non-entailment
Before the lawyers fought the artists encouraged the scientists .	The lawyers fought the artists .	non-entailment
Although the actor presented the professor stopped the senator .	The actor presented the professor .	non-entailment
While the artists hid the senator resigned .	The artists hid the senator .	non-entailment
Since the secretary moved the student ran .	The secretary moved the student .	non-entailment
Although the artists paid the bankers admired the authors .	The artists paid the bankers .	non-entailment
After the student stopped the doctor recommended the authors .	The student stopped the doctor .	non-entailment
Since the doctors fought the tourists shouted .	The doctors fought the tourists .	non-entailment
Because the authors fought the tourists contacted the managers .	The authors fought the tourists .	non-entailment
Since the manager studied the senators recognized the actor .	The manager studied the senators .	non-entailment
When the secretaries paid the student slept .	The secretaries paid the student .	non-entailment
After the president hid the doctors ran .	The president hid the doctors .	non-entailment
Before the artists fought the actor called the professor .	The artists fought the actor .	non-entailment
Before the lawyer stopped the actors avoided the senators .	The lawyer stopped the actors .	non-entailment
After the authors fought the manager waited .	The authors fought the manager .	non-entailment
Because the doctors presented the bankers slept .	The doctors presented the bankers .	non-entailment
Although the tourists hid the senators arrived .	The tourists hid the senators .	non-entailment
While the secretaries studied the scientist introduced the artists .	The secretaries studied the scientist .	non-entailment
Before the authors moved the senator advised the secretary .	The authors moved the senator .	non-entailment
When the tourists stopped the doctor admired the actor .	The tourists stopped the doctor .	non-entailment
When the tourists paid the secretaries slept .	The tourists paid the secretaries .	non-entailment
While the scientist studied the athletes mentioned the actors .	The scientist studied the athletes .	non-entailment
Although the artists fought the senators mentioned the actors .	The artists fought the senators .	non-entailment
While the artists fought the actors introduced the students .	The artists fought the actors .	non-entailment
Since the tourists fought the president encouraged the doctor .	The tourists fought the president .	non-entailment
Since the actors studied the manager recommended the banker .	The actors studied the manager .	non-entailment
Because the senator hid the secretary waited .	The senator hid the secretary .	non-entailment
While the tourist hid the banker arrived .	The tourist hid the banker .	non-entailment
Although the authors stopped the professors saw the lawyers .	The authors stopped the professors .	non-entailment
Because the scientists paid the presidents introduced the banker .	The scientists paid the presidents .	non-entailment
Because the managers fought the secretary stopped the doctor .	The managers fought the secretary .	non-entailment
Because the banker presented the professors slept .	The banker presented the professors .	non-entailment
After the actors stopped the tourist admired the scientist .	The actors stopped the tourist .	non-entailment
Before the senators fought the lawyer introduced the actor .	The senators fought the lawyer .	non-entailment
When the athletes stopped the senator shouted .	The athletes stopped the senator .	non-entailment
After the bankers presented the judge encouraged the athletes .	The bankers presented the judge .	non-entailment
Since the secretaries hid the banker recommended the tourist .	The secretaries hid the banker .	non-entailment
While the lawyer presented the bankers stopped the presidents .	The lawyer presented the bankers .	non-entailment
When the author moved the actor supported the lawyers .	The author moved the actor .	non-entailment
Because the doctors stopped the judge believed the athletes .	The doctors stopped the judge .	non-entailment
Since the bankers fought the tourists encouraged the athletes .	The bankers fought the tourists .	non-entailment
When the tourists fought the secretaries recommended the actor .	The tourists fought the secretaries .	non-entailment
Before the lawyers presented the athlete admired the actor .	The lawyers presented the athlete .	non-entailment
Since the senators stopped the secretary believed the artists .	The senators stopped the secretary .	non-entailment
After the lawyers hid the tourists resigned .	The lawyers hid the tourists .	non-entailment
Before the author hid the lawyers called the secretaries .	The author hid the lawyers .	non-entailment
While the author studied the tourist danced .	The author studied the tourist .	non-entailment
Since the banker moved the student ran .	The banker moved the student .	non-entailment
While the judges stopped the bankers saw the actor .	The judges stopped the bankers .	non-entailment
Because the actor moved the tourist shouted .	The actor moved the tourist .	non-entailment
Although the author stopped the actor called the president .	The author stopped the actor .	non-entailment
Before the senators presented the artists supported the judge .	The senators presented the artists .	non-entailment
Although the artists paid the judge arrived .	The artists paid the judge .	non-entailment
While the secretary presented the tourist called the senator .	The secretary presented the tourist .	non-entailment
Although the president studied the doctors ran .	The president studied the doctors .	non-entailment
Because the senator hid the managers thanked the bankers .	The senator hid the managers .	non-entailment
Since the banker presented the managers admired the lawyers .	The banker presented the managers .	non-entailment
Although the bankers moved the students avoided the presidents .	The bankers moved the students .	non-entailment
While the doctor paid the judges recognized the authors .	The doctor paid the judges .	non-entailment
Because the manager hid the senator advised the doctor .	The manager hid the senator .	non-entailment
When the managers fought the actor performed .	The managers fought the actor .	non-entailment
Since the senator presented the author performed .	The senator presented the author .	non-entailment
When the artist presented the student supported the tourists .	The artist presented the student .	non-entailment
Although the judges stopped the professors recommended the author .	The judges stopped the professors .	non-entailment
When the judge paid the professor called the artist .	The judge paid the professor .	non-entailment
While the doctor presented the president recognized the tourists .	The doctor presented the president .	non-entailment
While the bankers fought the athlete waited .	The bankers fought the athlete .	non-entailment
While the banker stopped the secretaries called the actor .	The banker stopped the secretaries .	non-entailment
Since the tourists moved the professor mentioned the secretaries .	The tourists moved the professor .	non-entailment
Because the tourist stopped the artist arrived .	The tourist stopped the artist .	non-entailment
While the athlete paid the student encouraged the doctors .	The athlete paid the student .	non-entailment
Because the manager stopped the judge mentioned the scientist .	The manager stopped the judge .	non-entailment
Before the judges studied the scientist ran .	The judges studied the scientist .	non-entailment
While the actors studied the scientists advised the lawyers .	The actors studied the scientists .	non-entailment
Before the lawyers moved the senators avoided the author .	The lawyers moved the senators .	non-entailment
When the banker paid the secretaries danced .	The banker paid the secretaries .	non-entailment
Because the senators presented the tourist resigned .	The senators presented the tourist .	non-entailment
After the doctor paid the students supported the artists .	The doctor paid the students .	non-entailment
Although the student paid the artists performed .	The student paid the artists .	non-entailment
Because the actor presented the bankers encouraged the presidents .	The actor presented the bankers .	non-entailment
Because the judge paid the manager performed .	The judge paid the manager .	non-entailment
Since the judges fought the banker encouraged the student .	The judges fought the banker .	non-entailment
Before the lawyers fought the professors believed the bankers .	The lawyers fought the professors .	non-entailment
Before the senators hid the doctor performed .	The senators hid the doctor .	non-entailment
Since the lawyer studied the president advised the athletes .	The lawyer studied the president .	non-entailment
When the author presented the actors helped the artists .	The author presented the actors .	non-entailment
Before the scientist stopped the tourist shouted .	The scientist stopped the tourist .	non-entailment
While the secretary presented the athlete ran .	The secretary presented the athlete .	non-entailment
Because the artists stopped the lawyers believed the student .	The artists stopped the lawyers .	non-entailment
Although the artist presented the actor recognized the president .	The artist presented the actor .	non-entailment
While the author stopped the lawyer believed the managers .	The author stopped the lawyer .	non-entailment
Before the artists paid the tourists introduced the scientist .	The artists paid the tourists .	non-entailment
Although the student stopped the presidents admired the tourists .	The student stopped the presidents .	non-entailment
Before the senator presented the scientists resigned .	The senator presented the scientists .	non-entailment
While the managers hid the senator resigned .	The managers hid the senator .	non-entailment
When the students fought the tourist avoided the lawyers .	The students fought the tourist .	non-entailment
When the actors paid the senator avoided the bankers .	The actors paid the senator .	non-entailment
After the professor moved the bankers admired the senators .	The professor moved the bankers .	non-entailment
When the author presented the senator shouted .	The author presented the senator .	non-entailment
Before the lawyer studied the students recommended the actor .	The lawyer studied the students .	non-entailment
Since the secretaries studied the professor danced .	The secretaries studied the professor .	non-entailment
Since the presidents presented the manager stopped the tourist .	The presidents presented the manager .	non-entailment
Although the student presented the judges avoided the lawyer .	The student presented the judges .	non-entailment
After the lawyer paid the student shouted .	The lawyer paid the student .	non-entailment
After the doctor presented the professor ran .	The doctor presented the professor .	non-entailment
When the professors presented the artists avoided the lawyers .	The professors presented the artists .	non-entailment
Although the tourists stopped the presidents arrived .	The tourists stopped the presidents .	non-entailment
Because the lawyers hid the secretaries recognized the athlete .	The lawyers hid the secretaries .	non-entailment
When the senators stopped the artist arrived .	The senators stopped the artist .	non-entailment
Although the managers moved the author mentioned the professor .	The managers moved the author .	non-entailment
Since the doctors fought the judges danced .	The doctors fought the judges .	non-entailment
Before the authors moved the judges ran .	The authors moved the judges .	non-entailment
Although the doctor stopped the authors saw the judges .	The doctor stopped the authors .	non-entailment
While the artists presented the actor believed the banker .	The artists presented the actor .	non-entailment
Although the artists fought the author advised the professors .	The artists fought the author .	non-entailment
Before the students moved the professor admired the senators .	The students moved the professor .	non-entailment
Since the doctor stopped the actors avoided the student .	The doctor stopped the actors .	non-entailment
After the students studied the actors contacted the manager .	The students studied the actors .	non-entailment
After the artist stopped the manager ran .	The artist stopped the manager .	non-entailment
Since the secretaries stopped the student danced .	The secretaries stopped the student .	non-entailment
Because the scientist hid the doctor stopped the actors .	The scientist hid the doctor .	non-entailment
Although the judge moved the bankers introduced the actor .	The judge moved the bankers .	non-entailment
Since the artists hid the senators called the judge .	The artists hid the senators .	non-entailment
When the managers moved the tourist ran .	The managers moved the tourist .	non-entailment
Although the doctors presented the professors admired the manager .	The doctors presented the professors .	non-entailment
Although the secretaries paid the actor ran .	The secretaries paid the actor .	non-entailment
While the secretary presented the student supported the scientist .	The secretary presented the student .	non-entailment
When the manager paid the presidents arrived .	The manager paid the presidents .	non-entailment
Since the scientist moved the bankers thanked the artist .	The scientist moved the bankers .	non-entailment
When the athletes presented the professors slept .	The athletes presented the professors .	non-entailment
After the actors stopped the tourists supported the lawyers .	The actors stopped the tourists .	non-entailment
When the students fought the senators advised the bankers .	The students fought the senators .	non-entailment
When the banker moved the scientist shouted .	The banker moved the scientist .	non-entailment
Although the authors fought the tourists danced .	The authors fought the tourists .	non-entailment
While the judge hid the students mentioned the authors .	The judge hid the students .	non-entailment
Before the tourists moved the author danced .	The tourists moved the author .	non-entailment
Because the professor presented the lawyer ran .	The professor presented the lawyer .	non-entailment
Because the secretaries studied the bankers arrived .	The secretaries studied the bankers .	non-entailment
After the senator presented the professors helped the secretaries .	The senator presented the professors .	non-entailment
After the manager moved the author ran .	The manager moved the author .	non-entailment
After the doctor moved the manager believed the athletes .	The doctor moved the manager .	non-entailment
Before the authors studied the judge saw the senator .	The authors studied the judge .	non-entailment
When the bankers presented the athletes waited .	The bankers presented the athletes .	non-entailment
Since the president presented the lawyers arrived .	The president presented the lawyers .	non-entailment
Before the tourists hid the judge waited .	The tourists hid the judge .	non-entailment
Because the secretary presented the senator introduced the actor .	The secretary presented the senator .	non-entailment
Before the doctors moved the professors thanked the senators .	The doctors moved the professors .	non-entailment
Although the secretaries moved the actor thanked the manager .	The secretaries moved the actor .	non-entailment
Although the judges fought the professor helped the senators .	The judges fought the professor .	non-entailment
Because the presidents fought the judges shouted .	The presidents fought the judges .	non-entailment
While the bankers fought the student believed the tourists .	The bankers fought the student .	non-entailment
Since the secretary hid the president stopped the doctor .	The secretary hid the president .	non-entailment
Before the managers hid the bankers resigned .	The managers hid the bankers .	non-entailment
Before the professors paid the artist performed .	The professors paid the artist .	non-entailment
While the tourist moved the student arrived .	The tourist moved the student .	non-entailment
Since the actors hid the scientist waited .	The actors hid the scientist .	non-entailment
Before the authors fought the president supported the judges .	The authors fought the president .	non-entailment
Because the managers fought the authors slept .	The managers fought the authors .	non-entailment
Although the athlete hid the artists avoided the doctor .	The athlete hid the artists .	non-entailment
Although the lawyers fought the actor danced .	The lawyers fought the actor .	non-entailment
After the artists moved the banker helped the student .	The artists moved the banker .	non-entailment
Because the professor paid the doctors admired the lawyer .	The professor paid the doctors .	non-entailment
Since the manager studied the presidents arrived .	The manager studied the presidents .	non-entailment
While the tourist hid the doctors recommended the lawyer .	The tourist hid the doctors .	non-entailment
Although the athletes fought the judge introduced the doctor .	The athletes fought the judge .	non-entailment
Although the artist paid the doctor mentioned the senators .	The artist paid the doctor .	non-entailment
While the senator stopped the judge mentioned the banker .	The senator stopped the judge .	non-entailment
After the author paid the actor ran .	The author paid the actor .	non-entailment
Because the actors moved the doctors stopped the senator .	The actors moved the doctors .	non-entailment
When the tourists presented the managers advised the doctors .	The tourists presented the managers .	non-entailment
Although the athletes fought the students ran .	The athletes fought the students .	non-entailment
Although the managers hid the actors saw the athlete .	The managers hid the actors .	non-entailment
The tourist and the scientists admired the doctors .	The scientists admired the doctors .	entailment
The professor and the banker saw the author .	The banker saw the author .	entailment
The professor and the authors admired the doctor .	The authors admired the doctor .	entailment
The actor and the professor mentioned the lawyer .	The professor mentioned the lawyer .	entailment
The scientists believed the lawyers and the professor .	The scientists believed the lawyers .	entailment
The authors avoided the managers and the actors .	The authors avoided the managers .	entailment
The lawyer called the students and the secretary .	The lawyer called the students .	entailment
The doctor stopped the actors and the tourists .	The doctor stopped the actors .	entailment
The senators encouraged the tourists and the artist .	The senators encouraged the tourists .	entailment
The artist and the athletes danced .	The athletes danced .	entailment
The president and the secretary mentioned the manager .	The secretary mentioned the manager .	entailment
The athletes and the judges recognized the tourists .	The judges recognized the tourists .	entailment
The manager and the tourists encouraged the president .	The tourists encouraged the president .	entailment
The doctor and the professor recognized the senator .	The professor recognized the senator .	entailment
The lawyers recommended the author and the presidents .	The lawyers recommended the author .	entailment
The judges advised the senators and the athletes .	The judges advised the senators .	entailment
The manager and the professors ran .	The professors ran .	entailment
The secretaries and the scientists admired the professors .	The scientists admired the professors .	entailment
The president and the scientists shouted .	The scientists shouted .	entailment
The secretaries admired the lawyer and the scientist .	The secretaries admired the lawyer .	entailment
The presidents recognized the scientists and the artists .	The presidents recognized the scientists .	entailment
The athlete and the artist slept .	The artist slept .	entailment
The author recommended the senator and the scientist .	The author recommended the senator .	entailment
The athlete and the bankers contacted the professors .	The bankers contacted the professors .	entailment
The banker introduced the athletes and the scientist .	The banker introduced the athletes .	entailment
The artists and the managers danced .	The managers danced .	entailment
The judges and the students ran .	The students ran .	entailment
The scientists thanked the bankers and the tourists .	The scientists thanked the bankers .	entailment
The doctor and the manager saw the authors .	The manager saw the authors .	entailment
The athlete saw the artist and the tourists .	The athlete saw the artist .	entailment
The doctors saw the actors and the author .	The doctors saw the actors .	entailment
The professors and the doctors helped the scientists .	The doctors helped the scientists .	entailment
The doctors thanked the tourist and the artists .	The doctors thanked the tourist .	entailment
The artist and the authors stopped the lawyers .	The authors stopped the lawyers .	entailment
The athlete and the president helped the professors .	The president helped the professors .	entailment
The lawyer contacted the author and the senators .	The lawyer contacted the author .	entailment
The doctor and the secretaries recognized the student .	The secretaries recognized the student .	entailment
The senator and the artist recognized the tourist .	The artist recognized the tourist .	entailment
The professors and the doctor believed the bankers .	The doctor believed the bankers .	entailment
The professors called the manager and the secretaries .	The professors called the manager .	entailment
The bankers and the presidents waited .	The presidents waited .	entailment
The athletes and the tourist contacted the secretary .	The tourist contacted the secretary .	entailment
The banker and the secretary contacted the athlete .	The secretary contacted the athlete .	entailment
The judge and the doctors introduced the artist .	The doctors introduced the artist .	entailment
The professors stopped the judges and the artists .	The professors stopped the judges .	entailment
The presidents saw the artists and the student .	The presidents saw the artists .	entailment
The lawyer advised the manager and the actors .	The lawyer advised the manager .	entailment
The students and the president recommended the athletes .	The president recommended the athletes .	entailment
The professors and the author recommended the scientists .	The author recommended the scientists .	entailment
The artists and the judge slept .	The judge slept .	entailment
The tourist and the presidents advised the doctor .	The presidents advised the doctor .	entailment
The professors and the lawyer stopped the banker .	The lawyer stopped the banker .	entailment
The actor and the lawyers stopped the tourist .	The lawyers stopped the tourist .	entailment
The actor and the scientist slept .	The scientist slept .	entailment
The professor and the artists resigned .	The artists resigned .	entailment
The tourist and the actors danced .	The actors danced .	entailment
The banker and the senator supported the secretaries .	The senator supported the secretaries .	entailment
The scientists and the banker saw the secretary .	The banker saw the secretary .	entailment
The senators and the tourists slept .	The tourists slept .	entailment
The doctor and the bankers supported the artist .	The bankers supported the artist .	entailment
The scientist advised the actor and the tourist .	The scientist advised the actor .	entailment
The scientists and the secretaries resigned .	The secretaries resigned .	entailment
The secretary and the banker arrived .	The banker arrived .	entailment
The athletes and the actor admired the manager .	The actor admired the manager .	entailment
The senator and the students avoided the doctors .	The students avoided the doctors .	entailment
The student and the lawyers believed the tourist .	The lawyers believed the tourist .	entailment
The president encouraged the athlete and the artists .	The president encouraged the athlete .	entailment
The doctors called the students and the judge .	The doctors called the students .	entailment
The tourist mentioned the actors and the senator .	The tourist mentioned the actors .	entailment
The secretary and the actor recommended the athletes .	The actor recommended the athletes .	entailment
The scientist and the judges arrived .	The judges arrived .	entailment
The manager and the tourist helped the banker .	The tourist helped the banker .	entailment
The actors and the bankers slept .	The bankers slept .	entailment
The tourist and the secretaries shouted .	The secretaries shouted .	entailment
The students and the athletes performed .	The athletes performed .	entailment
The lawyer avoided the secretaries and the authors .	The lawyer avoided the secretaries .	entailment
The athlete and the president supported the tourists .	The president supported the tourists .	entailment
The banker introduced the actors and the scientist .	The banker introduced the actors .	entailment
The actor and the athlete avoided the artist .	The athlete avoided the artist .	entailment
The senators recommended the managers and the actor .	The senators recommended the managers .	entailment
The artist and the secretary ran .	The secretary ran .	entailment
The secretaries saw the doctor and the student .	The secretaries saw the doctor .	entailment
The actors and the scientists performed .	The scientists performed .	entailment
The secretaries thanked the scientists and the banker .	The secretaries thanked the scientists .	entailment
The senators and the managers introduced the doctors .	The managers introduced the doctors .	entailment
The tourists and the doctor stopped the bankers .	The doctor stopped the bankers .	entailment
The secretary recommended the presidents and the artist .	The secretary recommended the presidents .	entailment
The student and the authors helped the senators .	The authors helped the senators .	entailment
The senator and the secretaries encouraged the student .	The secretaries encouraged the student .	entailment
The bankers advised the professor and the scientists .	The bankers advised the professor .	entailment
The managers and the president ran .	The president ran .	entailment
The senators helped the author and the judge .	The senators helped the author .	entailment
The students and the professor slept .	The professor slept .	entailment
The athlete recommended the senators and the president .	The athlete recommended the senators .	entailment
The senators and the doctors avoided the artist .	The doctors avoided the artist .	entailment
The professors supported the students and the manager .	The professors supported the students .	entailment
The athletes and the judges slept .	The judges slept .	entailment
The judge and the senators avoided the doctors .	The senators avoided the doctors .	entailment
The presidents introduced the doctor and the athletes .	The presidents introduced the doctor .	entailment
The judge and the athletes encouraged the professor .	The athletes encouraged the professor .	entailment
The bankers and the lawyer encouraged the professors .	The lawyer encouraged the professors .	entailment
The presidents and the judges believed the managers .	The judges believed the managers .	entailment
The lawyers recognized the artist and the judge .	The lawyers recognized the artist .	entailment
The doctor and the manager helped the bankers .	The manager helped the bankers .	entailment
The athlete introduced the author and the professors .	The athlete introduced the author .	entailment
The authors and the judges admired the scientist .	The judges admired the scientist .	entailment
The presidents and the artists admired the bankers .	The artists admired the bankers .	entailment
The students and the actor avoided the managers .	The actor avoided the managers .	entailment
The manager and the student encouraged the tourists .	The student encouraged the tourists .	entailment
The student introduced the professors and the scientists .	The student introduced the professors .	entailment
The secretaries and the lawyers shouted .	The lawyers shouted .	entailment
The tourists avoided the manager and the judge .	The tourists avoided the manager .	entailment
The professor admired the presidents and the actors .	The professor admired the presidents .	entailment
The doctors and the author admired the judge .	The author admired the judge .	entailment
The authors called the secretary and the tourist .	The authors called the secretary .	entailment
The lawyer saw the managers and the tourist .	The lawyer saw the managers .	entailment
The presidents supported the banker and the author .	The presidents supported the banker .	entailment
The tourist mentioned the professors and the doctor .	The tourist mentioned the professors .	entailment
The president recognized the artists and the lawyer .	The president recognized the artists .	entailment
The presidents and the lawyer helped the judge .	The lawyer helped the judge .	entailment
The professor introduced the athlete and the manager .	The professor introduced the athlete .	entailment
The students advised the secretary and the actor .	The students advised the secretary .	entailment
The lawyer and the senator stopped the manager .	The senator stopped the manager .	entailment
The actors and the manager danced .	The manager danced .	entailment
The doctor introduced the athlete and the actor .	The doctor introduced the athlete .	entailment
The lawyer thanked the athletes and the professor .	The lawyer thanked the athletes .	entailment
The presidents contacted the students and the doctor .	The presidents contacted the students .	entailment
The artist helped the tourist and the senator .	The artist helped the tourist .	entailment
The manager believed the judge and the artist .	The manager believed the judge .	entailment
The athlete helped the judges and the presidents .	The athlete helped the judges .	entailment
The tourist mentioned the athlete and the author .	The tourist mentioned the athlete .	entailment
The manager called the bankers and the artist .	The manager called the bankers .	entailment
The manager and the professors waited .	The professors waited .	entailment
The scientist and the professor stopped the student .	The professor stopped the student .	entailment
The secretaries and the authors resigned .	The authors resigned .	entailment
The professor and the secretary resigned .	The secretary resigned .	entailment
The lawyers recommended the bankers and the judges .	The lawyers recommended the bankers .	entailment
The lawyers stopped the tourist and the manager .	The lawyers stopped the tourist .	entailment
The president and the senator waited .	The senator waited .	entailment
The banker supported the actors and the managers .	The banker supported the actors .	entailment
The tourist and the athletes introduced the bankers .	The athletes introduced the bankers .	entailment
The secretary and the doctors believed the presidents .	The doctors believed the presidents .	entailment
The judges and the artists waited .	The artists waited .	entailment
The bankers and the president helped the tourist .	The president helped the tourist .	entailment
The senator admired the bankers and the artists .	The senator admired the bankers .	entailment
The secretary admired the manager and the senator .	The secretary admired the manager .	entailment
The tourist and the lawyers arrived .	The lawyers arrived .	entailment
The student saw the senator and the managers .	The student saw the senator .	entailment
The athletes contacted the professors and the artists .	The athletes contacted the professors .	entailment
The doctor and the lawyer admired the student .	The lawyer admired the student .	entailment
The artist and the actor mentioned the secretaries .	The actor mentioned the secretaries .	entailment
The doctor supported the secretaries and the lawyers .	The doctor supported the secretaries .	entailment
The students and the scientist waited .	The scientist waited .	entailment
The scientists and the bankers mentioned the tourist .	The bankers mentioned the tourist .	entailment
The author and the lawyer contacted the athlete .	The lawyer contacted the athlete .	entailment
The judges and the athletes mentioned the banker .	The athletes mentioned the banker .	entailment
The senators stopped the lawyers and the president .	The senators stopped the lawyers .	entailment
The president admired the tourists and the actor .	The president admired the tourists .	entailment
The professor introduced the artist and the athlete .	The professor introduced the artist .	entailment
The senators and the judges stopped the athlete .	The judges stopped the athlete .	entailment
The presidents and the student advised the athletes .	The student advised the athletes .	entailment
The doctor recognized the presidents and the student .	The doctor recognized the presidents .	entailment
The athletes and the students resigned .	The students resigned .	entailment
The author and the athlete supported the students .	The athlete supported the students .	entailment
The actors helped the manager and the lawyer .	The actors helped the manager .	entailment
The doctors and the secretaries arrived .	The secretaries arrived .	entailment
The artist and the lawyer performed .	The lawyer performed .	entailment
The author and the artist waited .	The artist waited .	entailment
The judges and the professor ran .	The professor ran .	entailment
The manager and the banker encouraged the doctors .	The banker encouraged the doctors .	entailment
The artist and the scientists introduced the tourists .	The scientists introduced the tourists .	entailment
The manager admired the doctors and the professors .	The manager admired the doctors .	entailment
The president recognized the lawyers and the tourist .	The president recognized the lawyers .	entailment
The artist and the judges shouted .	The judges shouted .	entailment
The lawyers called the scientist and the doctor .	The lawyers called the scientist .	entailment
The managers and the doctor performed .	The doctor performed .	entailment
The managers and the scientist waited .	The scientist waited .	entailment
The actor and the lawyers supported the authors .	The lawyers supported the authors .	entailment
The students encouraged the senator and the secretary .	The students encouraged the senator .	entailment
The tourists and the professors thanked the secretary .	The professors thanked the secretary .	entailment
The manager and the actors advised the doctors .	The actors advised the doctors .	entailment
The professor thanked the scientists and the athlete .	The professor thanked the scientists .	entailment
The student and the professor encouraged the judges .	The professor encouraged the judges .	entailment
The senator and the students ran .	The students ran .	entailment
The professor and the athlete mentioned the artists .	The athlete mentioned the artists .	entailment
The tourist and the athletes introduced the manager .	The athletes introduced the manager .	entailment
The scientists and the professors saw the authors .	The professors saw the authors .	entailment
The managers and the doctors avoided the actors .	The doctors avoided the actors .	entailment
The scientists believed the secretary and the lawyer .	The scientists believed the secretary .	entailment
The artists and the authors avoided the bankers .	The authors avoided the bankers .	entailment
The athlete and the manager recognized the professor .	The manager recognized the professor .	entailment
The athletes and the lawyer arrived .	The lawyer arrived .	entailment
The manager and the senators performed .	The senators performed .	entailment
The student and the tourists believed the professor .	The tourists believed the professor .	entailment
The author helped the scientist and the banker .	The author helped the scientist .	entailment
The president and the judge ran .	The judge ran .	entailment
The manager recognized the professor and the judge .	The manager recognized the professor .	entailment
The lawyers encouraged the senators and the scientist .	The lawyers encouraged the senators .	entailment
The senator believed the artists and the author .	The senator believed the artists .	entailment
The actor called the artist and the professor .	The actor called the artist .	entailment
The actors stopped the banker and the judges .	The actors stopped the banker .	entailment
The scientist and the managers avoided the tourist .	The managers avoided the tourist .	entailment
The tourist and the author slept .	The author slept .	entailment
The doctors and the actors thanked the lawyer .	The actors thanked the lawyer .	entailment
The senators avoided the artists and the tourist .	The senators avoided the artists .	entailment
The tourist and the senator avoided the scientist .	The senator avoided the scientist .	entailment
The students saw the doctor and the presidents .	The students saw the doctor .	entailment
The doctor thanked the presidents and the artist .	The doctor thanked the presidents .	entailment
The doctor advised the judges and the secretaries .	The doctor advised the judges .	entailment
The judges and the presidents slept .	The presidents slept .	entailment
The scientists and the presidents waited .	The presidents waited .	entailment
The author encouraged the judges and the presidents .	The author encouraged the judges .	entailment
The banker and the secretaries thanked the tourist .	The secretaries thanked the tourist .	entailment
The scientists stopped the athlete and the artists .	The scientists stopped the athlete .	entailment
The president helped the students and the athletes .	The president helped the students .	entailment
The senator and the athletes slept .	The athletes slept .	entailment
The athletes and the doctors introduced the tourists .	The doctors introduced the tourists .	entailment
The bankers avoided the tourist and the president .	The bankers avoided the tourist .	entailment
The doctor avoided the scientists and the lawyers .	The doctor avoided the scientists .	entailment
The scientists and the judges introduced the manager .	The judges introduced the manager .	entailment
The professor and the tourist danced .	The tourist danced .	entailment
The student and the judge supported the doctor .	The judge supported the doctor .	entailment
The tourist and the president supported the athletes .	The president supported the athletes .	entailment
The professors and the secretary slept .	The secretary slept .	entailment
The judge and the tourist introduced the banker .	The tourist introduced the banker .	entailment
The secretaries and the lawyer saw the artists .	The lawyer saw the artists .	entailment
The lawyers and the athlete avoided the professors .	The athlete avoided the professors .	entailment
The scientists supported the tourist and the presidents .	The scientists supported the tourist .	entailment
The doctors and the artist ran .	The artist ran .	entailment
The scientists advised the manager and the authors .	The scientists advised the manager .	entailment
The student and the secretaries waited .	The secretaries waited .	entailment
The professors admired the artists and the secretaries .	The professors admired the artists .	entailment
The president and the bankers helped the athlete .	The bankers helped the athlete .	entailment
The student and the author slept .	The author slept .	entailment
The artist and the bankers thanked the senators .	The bankers thanked the senators .	entailment
The president and the athlete advised the scientists .	The athlete advised the scientists .	entailment
The bankers and the judge shouted .	The judge shouted .	entailment
The athlete supported the actor and the doctor .	The athlete supported the actor .	entailment
The lawyers and the secretaries saw the professor .	The secretaries saw the professor .	entailment
The scientist saw the athlete and the judges .	The scientist saw the athlete .	entailment
The artist and the scientists introduced the actors .	The scientists introduced the actors .	entailment
The authors and the lawyers arrived .	The lawyers arrived .	entailment
The lawyers and the banker avoided the doctors .	The banker avoided the doctors .	entailment
The actor introduced the lawyers and the secretary .	The actor introduced the lawyers .	entailment
The author and the senators shouted .	The senators shouted .	entailment
The doctor helped the authors and the scientist .	The doctor helped the authors .	entailment
The bankers and the scientists mentioned the managers .	The scientists mentioned the managers .	entailment
The students recommended the banker and the secretaries .	The students recommended the banker .	entailment
The managers and the judge avoided the doctors .	The judge avoided the doctors .	entailment
The lawyers recommended the secretary and the president .	The lawyers recommended the secretary .	entailment
The students recognized the doctor and the athlete .	The students recognized the doctor .	entailment
The president and the doctor supported the bankers .	The doctor supported the bankers .	entailment
The actor and the bankers shouted .	The bankers shouted .	entailment
The presidents and the authors supported the doctor .	The authors supported the doctor .	entailment
The tourist and the professors thanked the president .	The professors thanked the president .	entailment
The senator and the lawyers encouraged the managers .	The lawyers encouraged the managers .	entailment
The scientists and the secretaries shouted .	The secretaries shouted .	entailment
The judges mentioned the secretaries and the lawyers .	The judges mentioned the secretaries .	entailment
The judges recognized the senators and the professors .	The judges recognized the senators .	entailment
The secretary mentioned the student and the senators .	The secretary mentioned the student .	entailment
The judge admired the lawyers and the artist .	The judge admired the lawyers .	entailment
The senator and the lawyer saw the artists .	The lawyer saw the artists .	entailment
The judges and the bankers shouted .	The bankers shouted .	entailment
The lawyer advised the scientist and the author .	The lawyer advised the scientist .	entailment
The secretaries and the author shouted .	The author shouted .	entailment
The lawyers thanked the secretary and the judge .	The lawyers thanked the secretary .	entailment
The tourist and the senator introduced the president .	The senator introduced the president .	entailment
The judges thanked the managers and the senator .	The judges thanked the managers .	entailment
The manager advised the doctor and the judges .	The manager advised the doctor .	entailment
The secretaries and the actor ran .	The actor ran .	entailment
The manager recommended the doctor and the athletes .	The manager recommended the doctor .	entailment
The scientists and the president ran .	The president ran .	entailment
The professor and the tourists believed the secretaries .	The tourists believed the secretaries .	entailment
The lawyer and the manager ran .	The manager ran .	entailment
The students and the secretaries mentioned the doctor .	The secretaries mentioned the doctor .	entailment
The lawyers and the student introduced the secretary .	The student introduced the secretary .	entailment
The tourists and the doctors ran .	The doctors ran .	entailment
The managers saw the actor and the students .	The managers saw the actor .	entailment
The lawyers and the doctor ran .	The doctor ran .	entailment
The actors and the judges danced .	The judges danced .	entailment
The lawyer and the presidents admired the manager .	The presidents admired the manager .	entailment
The bankers advised the doctor and the tourists .	The bankers advised the doctor .	entailment
The tourists and the athletes advised the managers .	The athletes advised the managers .	entailment
The doctor and the athletes thanked the scientist .	The athletes thanked the scientist .	entailment
The managers and the student resigned .	The student resigned .	entailment
The athlete saw the professor and the judges .	The athlete saw the professor .	entailment
The athlete recommended the student and the manager .	The athlete recommended the student .	entailment
The artist and the lawyers helped the senator .	The lawyers helped the senator .	entailment
The actor and the senator advised the judge .	The senator advised the judge .	entailment
The presidents encouraged the manager and the judges .	The presidents encouraged the manager .	entailment
The athlete avoided the actor and the president .	The athlete avoided the actor .	entailment
The artist and the tourists performed .	The tourists performed .	entailment
The artists saw the actor and the secretary .	The artists saw the actor .	entailment
The artist contacted the author and the lawyers .	The artist contacted the author .	entailment
The actors and the authors resigned .	The authors resigned .	entailment
The doctors and the artists stopped the president .	The artists stopped the president .	entailment
The author stopped the athlete and the professor .	The author stopped the athlete .	entailment
The actor and the doctors resigned .	The doctors resigned .	entailment
The actor introduced the judge and the presidents .	The actor introduced the judge .	entailment
The judge and the presidents ran .	The presidents ran .	entailment
The athletes supported the presidents and the lawyer .	The athletes supported the presidents .	entailment
The athletes admired the manager and the scientists .	The athletes admired the manager .	entailment
The lawyer and the judges saw the manager .	The judges saw the manager .	entailment
The student stopped the athlete and the lawyer .	The student stopped the athlete .	entailment
The authors and the doctors waited .	The doctors waited .	entailment
The president and the manager arrived .	The manager arrived .	entailment
The professor avoided the scientists and the banker .	The professor avoided the scientists .	entailment
The bankers and the athlete recognized the artists .	The athlete recognized the artists .	entailment
The artist and the lawyer contacted the secretaries .	The lawyer contacted the secretaries .	entailment
The senator and the student arrived .	The student arrived .	entailment
The doctor avoided the athlete and the senators .	The doctor avoided the athlete .	entailment
The athletes and the manager resigned .	The manager resigned .	entailment
The artists advised the secretaries and the authors .	The artists advised the secretaries .	entailment
The artist and the scientist called the manager .	The scientist called the manager .	entailment
The doctor and the presidents arrived .	The presidents arrived .	entailment
The managers avoided the actors and the scientist .	The managers avoided the actors .	entailment
The actors and the athletes shouted .	The athletes shouted .	entailment
The manager avoided the secretaries and the athletes .	The manager avoided the secretaries .	entailment
The bankers and the artist introduced the authors .	The artist introduced the authors .	entailment
The author and the senators ran .	The senators ran .	entailment
The judges and the doctors thanked the secretaries .	The doctors thanked the secretaries .	entailment
The professor and the artists introduced the student .	The artists introduced the student .	entailment
The doctor and the athlete supported the senators .	The athlete supported the senators .	entailment
The banker saw the lawyer and the student .	The banker saw the lawyer .	entailment
The artist and the actors introduced the doctors .	The actors introduced the doctors .	entailment
The students and the tourists danced .	The tourists danced .	entailment
The lawyers and the scientist ran .	The scientist ran .	entailment
The senator and the students slept .	The students slept .	entailment
The secretary and the actors called the athletes .	The actors called the athletes .	entailment
The tourists contacted the managers and the doctors .	The tourists contacted the managers .	entailment
The artists and the managers waited .	The managers waited .	entailment
The athletes and the scientists contacted the tourists .	The scientists contacted the tourists .	entailment
The secretaries mentioned the athlete and the students .	The secretaries mentioned the athlete .	entailment
The professors and the doctors avoided the actor .	The doctors avoided the actor .	entailment
The senators introduced the athlete and the scientists .	The senators introduced the athlete .	entailment
The judges and the artists avoided the actors .	The artists avoided the actors .	entailment
The lawyers encouraged the scientists and the secretary .	The lawyers encouraged the scientists .	entailment
The tourists and the artists supported the banker .	The artists supported the banker .	entailment
The managers and the tourists introduced the athletes .	The tourists introduced the athletes .	entailment
The judges and the president introduced the tourists .	The president introduced the tourists .	entailment
The bankers and the actors stopped the secretary .	The actors stopped the secretary .	entailment
The authors called the secretary and the student .	The authors called the secretary .	entailment
The artist recommended the students and the tourist .	The artist recommended the students .	entailment
The authors and the actor saw the scientists .	The actor saw the scientists .	entailment
The managers introduced the students and the athlete .	The managers introduced the students .	entailment
The banker and the athlete introduced the manager .	The athlete introduced the manager .	entailment
The president recommended the actor and the lawyer .	The president recommended the actor .	entailment
The presidents and the lawyer saw the doctors .	The lawyer saw the doctors .	entailment
The tourists and the artist thanked the presidents .	The artist thanked the presidents .	entailment
The professors and the presidents ran .	The presidents ran .	entailment
The athlete and the professors resigned .	The professors resigned .	entailment
The author advised the professors and the judges .	The author advised the professors .	entailment
The lawyer and the student stopped the artist .	The student stopped the artist .	entailment
The doctors and the artist shouted .	The artist shouted .	entailment
The actor introduced the professors and the scientists .	The actor introduced the professors .	entailment
The secretaries and the judges thanked the athletes .	The judges thanked the athletes .	entailment
The actor and the lawyer admired the presidents .	The lawyer admired the presidents .	entailment
The tourist and the author ran .	The author ran .	entailment
The tourist called the professors and the student .	The tourist called the professors .	entailment
The judge supported the manager and the tourists .	The judge supported the manager .	entailment
The actor and the tourist resigned .	The tourist resigned .	entailment
The artist and the students avoided the secretary .	The students avoided the secretary .	entailment
The artist believed the banker and the lawyer .	The artist believed the banker .	entailment
The artists and the athlete helped the judge .	The athlete helped the judge .	entailment
The doctor and the students arrived .	The students arrived .	entailment
The authors called the students and the tourist .	The authors called the students .	entailment
The tourists supported the scientists and the artist .	The tourists supported the scientists .	entailment
The artists and the banker shouted .	The banker shouted .	entailment
The lawyers and the actor avoided the judge .	The actor avoided the judge .	entailment
The managers and the senators believed the scientist .	The senators believed the scientist .	entailment
The president and the doctors danced .	The doctors danced .	entailment
The scientist and the tourist mentioned the managers .	The tourist mentioned the managers .	entailment
The bankers recommended the president and the lawyer .	The bankers recommended the president .	entailment
The secretaries thanked the scientists and the student .	The secretaries thanked the scientists .	entailment
The manager and the artist recognized the senator .	The artist recognized the senator .	entailment
The senator and the manager shouted .	The manager shouted .	entailment
The manager and the athlete performed .	The athlete performed .	entailment
The professor and the athlete recognized the authors .	The athlete recognized the authors .	entailment
The authors and the actors advised the secretaries .	The actors advised the secretaries .	entailment
The bankers and the manager contacted the judges .	The manager contacted the judges .	entailment
The student and the senators arrived .	The senators arrived .	entailment
The president and the secretary shouted .	The secretary shouted .	entailment
The secretary contacted the athletes and the professor .	The secretary contacted the athletes .	entailment
The managers supported the artists and the student .	The managers supported the artists .	entailment
The presidents and the judge believed the managers .	The judge believed the managers .	entailment
The student and the judges thanked the lawyers .	The judges thanked the lawyers .	entailment
The tourist and the scientists supported the author .	The scientists supported the author .	entailment
The professors and the actor advised the bankers .	The actor advised the bankers .	entailment
The doctors and the artist introduced the scientists .	The artist introduced the scientists .	entailment
The judges contacted the lawyers and the author .	The judges contacted the lawyers .	entailment
The senator and the manager slept .	The manager slept .	entailment
The actors and the doctor recommended the senators .	The doctor recommended the senators .	entailment
The athletes and the artists helped the lawyers .	The artists helped the lawyers .	entailment
The athletes stopped the artists and the lawyer .	The athletes stopped the artists .	entailment
The lawyers encouraged the actors and the professors .	The lawyers encouraged the actors .	entailment
The lawyers and the tourist recognized the professor .	The tourist recognized the professor .	entailment
The actor thanked the athletes and the tourist .	The actor thanked the athletes .	entailment
The professor recommended the students and the presidents .	The professor recommended the students .	entailment
The manager and the artist waited .	The artist waited .	entailment
The bankers called the actor and the doctor .	The bankers called the actor .	entailment
The athletes and the actor recognized the doctor .	The actor recognized the doctor .	entailment
The actor and the judges avoided the athlete .	The judges avoided the athlete .	entailment
The student and the athletes mentioned the president .	The athletes mentioned the president .	entailment
The student admired the senators and the lawyer .	The student admired the senators .	entailment
The actor and the managers resigned .	The managers resigned .	entailment
The athletes and the actors resigned .	The actors resigned .	entailment
The bankers and the judges advised the athlete .	The judges advised the athlete .	entailment
The judge and the athletes slept .	The athletes slept .	entailment
The lawyer called the bankers and the students .	The lawyer called the bankers .	entailment
The artists admired the senators and the tourist .	The artists admired the senators .	entailment
The manager and the students admired the banker .	The students admired the banker .	entailment
The tourists and the actor waited .	The actor waited .	entailment
The students and the secretaries recommended the professor .	The secretaries recommended the professor .	entailment
The athletes recognized the students and the senator .	The athletes recognized the students .	entailment
The senators and the lawyer saw the doctors .	The lawyer saw the doctors .	entailment
The judge stopped the managers and the athlete .	The judge stopped the managers .	entailment
The author and the doctor mentioned the judges .	The doctor mentioned the judges .	entailment
The professor introduced the secretary and the scientist .	The professor introduced the secretary .	entailment
The managers and the professors resigned .	The professors resigned .	entailment
The artist mentioned the lawyer and the banker .	The artist mentioned the lawyer .	entailment
The managers and the scientist advised the artist .	The scientist advised the artist .	entailment
The senators and the tourist stopped the student .	The tourist stopped the student .	entailment
The lawyer and the senator contacted the students .	The senator contacted the students .	entailment
The doctors and the authors ran .	The authors ran .	entailment
The artists and the doctors recognized the professor .	The doctors recognized the professor .	entailment
The manager and the artists called the scientist .	The artists called the scientist .	entailment
The managers and the presidents thanked the actor .	The presidents thanked the actor .	entailment
The president and the managers danced .	The managers danced .	entailment
The presidents mentioned the actors and the manager .	The presidents mentioned the actors .	entailment
The actors admired the presidents and the scientists .	The actors admired the presidents .	entailment
The actor and the managers believed the scientist .	The managers believed the scientist .	entailment
The scientist and the secretaries waited .	The secretaries waited .	entailment
The student supported the lawyer and the secretaries .	The student supported the lawyer .	entailment
The secretaries mentioned the senator and the artists .	The secretaries mentioned the senator .	entailment
The lawyer and the doctor stopped the judges .	The doctor stopped the judges .	entailment
The actor and the professor encouraged the president .	The professor encouraged the president .	entailment
The president avoided the bankers and the artist .	The president avoided the bankers .	entailment
The bankers admired the doctor and the lawyers .	The bankers admired the doctor .	entailment
The senator and the managers recognized the doctor .	The managers recognized the doctor .	entailment
The athletes recognized the lawyers and the professor .	The athletes recognized the lawyers .	entailment
The managers and the presidents recognized the lawyer .	The presidents recognized the lawyer .	entailment
The managers and the athlete avoided the scientist .	The athlete avoided the scientist .	entailment
The scientist supported the artists and the tourist .	The scientist supported the artists .	entailment
The banker and the doctors introduced the judge .	The doctors introduced the judge .	entailment
The tourists and the presidents introduced the banker .	The presidents introduced the banker .	entailment
The manager helped the athlete and the secretaries .	The manager helped the athlete .	entailment
The president and the authors supported the artists .	The authors supported the artists .	entailment
The lawyer and the professor arrived .	The professor arrived .	entailment
The actors contacted the secretary and the students .	The actors contacted the secretary .	entailment
The professor and the artists recommended the actors .	The artists recommended the actors .	entailment
The doctors admired the judges and the lawyer .	The doctors admired the judges .	entailment
The doctors saw the artists and the student .	The doctors saw the artists .	entailment
The secretaries and the scientists arrived .	The scientists arrived .	entailment
The lawyer admired the presidents and the doctor .	The lawyer admired the presidents .	entailment
The lawyers thanked the doctors and the senators .	The lawyers thanked the doctors .	entailment
The bankers called the doctors and the president .	The bankers called the doctors .	entailment
The lawyer and the doctor introduced the senators .	The doctor introduced the senators .	entailment
The actor and the professor recommended the lawyer .	The professor recommended the lawyer .	entailment
The author and the doctor arrived .	The doctor arrived .	entailment
The athlete encouraged the artist and the tourist .	The athlete encouraged the artist .	entailment
The lawyers avoided the students and the artist .	The lawyers avoided the students .	entailment
The actors thanked the president and the judge .	The actors thanked the president .	entailment
The doctor and the professors supported the authors .	The professors supported the authors .	entailment
The scientist and the bankers resigned .	The bankers resigned .	entailment
The bankers recognized the judge and the lawyer .	The bankers recognized the judge .	entailment
The authors and the artists supported the bankers .	The artists supported the bankers .	entailment
The senators and the tourist thanked the professors .	The tourist thanked the professors .	entailment
The artists and the secretary admired the manager .	The secretary admired the manager .	entailment
The presidents and the lawyer resigned .	The lawyer resigned .	entailment
The author called the bankers and the secretaries .	The author called the bankers .	entailment
The lawyer and the judge slept .	The judge slept .	entailment
The president contacted the tourists and the professor .	The president contacted the tourists .	entailment
The tourist and the professors encouraged the judge .	The professors encouraged the judge .	entailment
The secretary recognized the senator and the students .	The secretary recognized the senator .	entailment
The professor and the senator recognized the athletes .	The senator recognized the athletes .	entailment
The manager introduced the president and the judge .	The manager introduced the president .	entailment
The artists and the actor advised the professor .	The actor advised the professor .	entailment
The secretary introduced the tourist and the doctors .	The secretary introduced the tourist .	entailment
The athlete contacted the bankers and the manager .	The athlete contacted the bankers .	entailment
The professors and the student ran .	The student ran .	entailment
The scientists believed the artist and the senator .	The scientists believed the artist .	entailment
The tourists contacted the professor and the judges .	The tourists contacted the professor .	entailment
The judge and the students admired the author .	The students admired the author .	entailment
The professors and the senator supported the bankers .	The senator supported the bankers .	entailment
The students and the managers waited .	The managers waited .	entailment
The doctors and the presidents performed .	The presidents performed .	entailment
The managers and the athlete mentioned the doctors .	The athlete mentioned the doctors .	entailment
The judges and the scientist called the tourists .	The scientist called the tourists .	entailment
The bankers introduced the senators and the doctors .	The bankers introduced the senators .	entailment
The judges and the bankers called the student .	The bankers called the student .	entailment
The authors and the doctor encouraged the lawyers .	The doctor encouraged the lawyers .	entailment
The presidents and the author introduced the doctor .	The author introduced the doctor .	entailment
The scientist and the athletes saw the presidents .	The athletes saw the presidents .	entailment
The secretaries helped the scientist and the actors .	The secretaries helped the scientist .	entailment
The presidents stopped the authors and the professor .	The presidents stopped the authors .	entailment
The tourists contacted the actors and the doctor .	The tourists contacted the actors .	entailment
The scientists and the bankers introduced the actor .	The bankers introduced the actor .	entailment
The students saw the doctor and the artist .	The students saw the doctor .	entailment
The banker thanked the professors and the presidents .	The banker thanked the professors .	entailment
The athletes and the president danced .	The president danced .	entailment
The judges encouraged the bankers and the artist .	The judges encouraged the bankers .	entailment
The president supported the lawyer and the managers .	The president supported the lawyer .	entailment
The judges admired the doctors and the artists .	The judges admired the doctors .	entailment
The students and the senators shouted .	The senators shouted .	entailment
The athlete and the scientists recognized the banker .	The scientists recognized the banker .	entailment
The doctors and the presidents avoided the lawyer .	The presidents avoided the lawyer .	entailment
The student thanked the presidents and the doctor .	The student thanked the presidents .	entailment
The banker and the secretary contacted the tourists .	The secretary contacted the tourists .	entailment
The secretary and the student recognized the authors .	The student recognized the authors .	entailment
The students and the president arrived .	The president arrived .	entailment
The tourist and the professor contacted the presidents .	The professor contacted the presidents .	entailment
The scientists supported the professors and the judges .	The scientists supported the professors .	entailment
The presidents and the doctors introduced the banker .	The doctors introduced the banker .	entailment
The banker and the judge mentioned the student .	The judge mentioned the student .	entailment
The professor and the lawyer advised the doctors .	The lawyer advised the doctors .	entailment
The secretary and the athletes mentioned the actors .	The athletes mentioned the actors .	entailment
The judges and the doctor mentioned the artists .	The doctor mentioned the artists .	entailment
The doctor and the lawyers arrived .	The lawyers arrived .	entailment
The doctors and the tourists encouraged the author .	The tourists encouraged the author .	entailment
The senators and the judges waited .	The judges waited .	entailment
The doctor believed the tourists and the senators .	The doctor believed the tourists .	entailment
The banker and the student advised the judges .	The student advised the judges .	entailment
The doctors supported the presidents and the actors .	The doctors supported the presidents .	entailment
The students saw the professor and the bankers .	The students saw the professor .	entailment
The senator admired the banker and the athlete .	The senator admired the banker .	entailment
The presidents saw the bankers and the lawyer .	The presidents saw the bankers .	entailment
The professor thanked the presidents and the doctor .	The professor thanked the presidents .	entailment
The senator and the judge slept .	The judge slept .	entailment
The judges and the lawyers admired the tourists .	The lawyers admired the tourists .	entailment
The judges thanked the doctors and the tourist .	The judges thanked the doctors .	entailment
The judges supported the professor and the secretaries .	The judges supported the professor .	entailment
The secretaries and the bankers thanked the actor .	The bankers thanked the actor .	entailment
The authors mentioned the senators and the scientists .	The authors mentioned the senators .	entailment
The author and the tourists mentioned the senator .	The tourists mentioned the senator .	entailment
The judges and the bankers called the athlete .	The bankers called the athlete .	entailment
The scientists and the judges resigned .	The judges resigned .	entailment
The lawyers and the doctors believed the scientists .	The doctors believed the scientists .	entailment
The senator and the professors thanked the presidents .	The professors thanked the presidents .	entailment
The senator and the judge shouted .	The judge shouted .	entailment
The author advised the bankers and the judge .	The author advised the bankers .	entailment
The scientist and the student waited .	The student waited .	entailment
The tourists and the judge helped the senator .	The judge helped the senator .	entailment
The actors recognized the scientist and the tourists .	The actors recognized the scientist .	entailment
The doctor and the tourist called the author .	The tourist called the author .	entailment
The author and the president recognized the senators .	The president recognized the senators .	entailment
The bankers and the scientist encouraged the lawyers .	The scientist encouraged the lawyers .	entailment
The president advised the athletes and the lawyer .	The president advised the athletes .	entailment
The scientist and the president avoided the lawyers .	The president avoided the lawyers .	entailment
The professor and the students saw the tourists .	The students saw the tourists .	entailment
The artists and the manager arrived .	The manager arrived .	entailment
The actors advised the bankers and the president .	The actors advised the bankers .	entailment
The secretaries and the tourist helped the students .	The tourist helped the students .	entailment
The doctors and the tourists slept .	The tourists slept .	entailment
The banker and the athletes performed .	The athletes performed .	entailment
The banker and the secretaries slept .	The secretaries slept .	entailment
The managers and the judges recommended the president .	The judges recommended the president .	entailment
The professors and the authors stopped the president .	The authors stopped the president .	entailment
The scientists and the authors shouted .	The authors shouted .	entailment
The president stopped the athlete and the judges .	The president stopped the athlete .	entailment
The lawyer and the actors recommended the secretary .	The actors recommended the secretary .	entailment
The student contacted the professor and the doctor .	The student contacted the professor .	entailment
The doctor and the professor arrived .	The professor arrived .	entailment
The banker introduced the presidents and the student .	The banker introduced the presidents .	entailment
The secretary and the athlete supported the banker .	The athlete supported the banker .	entailment
The tourist and the senator supported the judges .	The senator supported the judges .	entailment
The judge and the banker danced .	The banker danced .	entailment
The banker called the doctors and the authors .	The banker called the doctors .	entailment
The professor stopped the actor and the lawyer .	The professor stopped the actor .	entailment
The judges and the artists shouted .	The artists shouted .	entailment
The judge supported the tourists and the students .	The judge supported the tourists .	entailment
The presidents and the tourist resigned .	The tourist resigned .	entailment
The secretary and the students mentioned the lawyer .	The students mentioned the lawyer .	entailment
The senator and the bankers called the judges .	The bankers called the judges .	entailment
The doctors called the senators and the professor .	The doctors called the senators .	entailment
The scientist and the doctors resigned .	The doctors resigned .	entailment
The scientist and the student recommended the authors .	The student recommended the authors .	entailment
The scientists and the presidents helped the artists .	The presidents helped the artists .	entailment
The doctors and the author waited .	The author waited .	entailment
The banker helped the president and the artists .	The banker helped the president .	entailment
The banker and the managers thanked the scientist .	The managers thanked the scientist .	entailment
The presidents saw the lawyers and the artists .	The presidents saw the lawyers .	entailment
The scientist admired the students and the judges .	The scientist admired the students .	entailment
The presidents and the students contacted the secretaries .	The students contacted the secretaries .	entailment
The lawyer and the managers introduced the president .	The managers introduced the president .	entailment
The bankers and the scientist danced .	The scientist danced .	entailment
The actors admired the senators and the bankers .	The actors admired the senators .	entailment
The scientists and the presidents contacted the bankers .	The presidents contacted the bankers .	entailment
The secretaries and the doctors advised the student .	The doctors advised the student .	entailment
The presidents and the athlete thanked the tourist .	The athlete thanked the tourist .	entailment
The presidents avoided the lawyers and the actors .	The presidents avoided the lawyers .	entailment
The secretary helped the banker and the judge .	The secretary helped the banker .	entailment
The actor and the doctor advised the judge .	The doctor advised the judge .	entailment
The scientists and the president believed the authors .	The president believed the authors .	entailment
The presidents and the banker stopped the author .	The banker stopped the author .	entailment
The authors and the professor avoided the secretary .	The professor avoided the secretary .	entailment
The athlete admired the authors and the doctor .	The athlete admired the authors .	entailment
The artist called the tourists and the author .	The artist called the tourists .	entailment
The tourists recognized the student and the scientists .	The tourists recognized the student .	entailment
The judge introduced the senator and the student .	The judge introduced the senator .	entailment
The senators and the students performed .	The students performed .	entailment
The manager avoided the banker and the athletes .	The manager avoided the banker .	entailment
The doctor and the senators encouraged the presidents .	The senators encouraged the presidents .	entailment
The lawyer and the scientist saw the athlete .	The scientist saw the athlete .	entailment
The secretary and the professors supported the actors .	The professors supported the actors .	entailment
The manager and the actor introduced the professor .	The actor introduced the professor .	entailment
The presidents helped the doctor and the artists .	The presidents helped the doctor .	entailment
The students and the secretary avoided the professor .	The secretary avoided the professor .	entailment
The lawyer recognized the scientists and the judges .	The lawyer recognized the scientists .	entailment
The student believed the doctors and the banker .	The student believed the doctors .	entailment
The artists introduced the managers and the senators .	The artists introduced the managers .	entailment
The authors stopped the lawyer and the secretaries .	The authors stopped the lawyer .	entailment
The professor believed the secretaries and the presidents .	The professor believed the secretaries .	entailment
The actors and the bankers helped the senator .	The bankers helped the senator .	entailment
The authors saw the professors and the students .	The authors saw the professors .	entailment
The lawyer and the artists danced .	The artists danced .	entailment
The secretaries helped the athlete and the student .	The secretaries helped the athlete .	entailment
The actor and the manager advised the senators .	The manager advised the senators .	entailment
The athletes recommended the judge and the scientists .	The athletes recommended the judge .	entailment
The bankers advised the senator and the athletes .	The bankers advised the senator .	entailment
The professors and the doctors thanked the manager .	The doctors thanked the manager .	entailment
The president helped the managers and the professor .	The president helped the managers .	entailment
The lawyer contacted the senators and the author .	The lawyer contacted the senators .	entailment
The professor and the athlete contacted the doctor .	The athlete contacted the doctor .	entailment
The secretaries and the presidents introduced the athletes .	The presidents introduced the athletes .	entailment
The athlete and the senator thanked the judge .	The senator thanked the judge .	entailment
The artists recognized the professors and the tourists .	The artists recognized the professors .	entailment
The managers and the scientists contacted the tourists .	The scientists contacted the tourists .	entailment
The lawyer introduced the doctor and the actor .	The lawyer introduced the doctor .	entailment
The actors encouraged the presidents and the judges .	The actors encouraged the presidents .	entailment
The senator avoided the judge and the artists .	The senator avoided the judge .	entailment
The bankers and the doctors helped the professor .	The doctors helped the professor .	entailment
The bankers and the athletes ran .	The athletes ran .	entailment
The banker introduced the athletes and the managers .	The banker introduced the athletes .	entailment
The manager and the scientist shouted .	The scientist shouted .	entailment
The manager encouraged the student and the athlete .	The manager encouraged the student .	entailment
The lawyer and the artist believed the banker .	The artist believed the banker .	entailment
The actor and the professor saw the athletes .	The professor saw the athletes .	entailment
The lawyer and the bankers resigned .	The bankers resigned .	entailment
The artists and the student resigned .	The student resigned .	entailment
The scientist believed the lawyers and the managers .	The scientist believed the lawyers .	entailment
The managers thanked the senator and the tourists .	The managers thanked the senator .	entailment
The athletes and the doctor encouraged the bankers .	The doctor encouraged the bankers .	entailment
The judges advised the tourist and the presidents .	The judges advised the tourist .	entailment
The managers avoided the athletes and the bankers .	The managers avoided the athletes .	entailment
The actors introduced the tourist and the senators .	The actors introduced the tourist .	entailment
The doctor and the professors called the author .	The professors called the author .	entailment
The doctor and the artist supported the student .	The artist supported the student .	entailment
The actors and the artists danced .	The artists danced .	entailment
The manager and the senators encouraged the athletes .	The senators encouraged the athletes .	entailment
The judge supported the secretaries and the managers .	The judge supported the secretaries .	entailment
The actor called the student and the lawyers .	The actor called the student .	entailment
The scientist and the students advised the tourist .	The students advised the tourist .	entailment
The tourist and the actors helped the presidents .	The actors helped the presidents .	entailment
The athletes helped the presidents and the senator .	The athletes helped the presidents .	entailment
The actor stopped the professors and the secretaries .	The actor stopped the professors .	entailment
The judge encouraged the bankers and the actor .	The judge encouraged the bankers .	entailment
The doctor and the tourist believed the artists .	The tourist believed the artists .	entailment
The senators and the doctor encouraged the athletes .	The doctor encouraged the athletes .	entailment
The senator believed the president and the managers .	The senator believed the president .	entailment
The authors and the president ran .	The president ran .	entailment
The banker and the scientist arrived .	The scientist arrived .	entailment
The presidents and the banker stopped the senators .	The banker stopped the senators .	entailment
The scientist and the professor believed the student .	The professor believed the student .	entailment
The lawyers and the managers resigned .	The managers resigned .	entailment
The tourists stopped the actors and the doctors .	The tourists stopped the actors .	entailment
The student helped the actors and the lawyer .	The student helped the actors .	entailment
The scientists and the senator ran .	The senator ran .	entailment
The authors and the students admired the actors .	The students admired the actors .	entailment
The actors and the judge introduced the athlete .	The judge introduced the athlete .	entailment
The artists and the manager stopped the judges .	The manager stopped the judges .	entailment
The managers and the athlete slept .	The athlete slept .	entailment
The actors called the senators and the manager .	The actors called the senators .	entailment
The actors and the managers slept .	The managers slept .	entailment
The managers and the secretaries saw the tourist .	The secretaries saw the tourist .	entailment
The secretaries and the artist arrived .	The artist arrived .	entailment
The doctor and the scientists danced .	The scientists danced .	entailment
The secretaries and the athlete encouraged the lawyers .	The athlete encouraged the lawyers .	entailment
The actors and the managers advised the senator .	The managers advised the senator .	entailment
The professor recognized the actors and the lawyer .	The professor recognized the actors .	entailment
The students and the manager helped the president .	The manager helped the president .	entailment
The judge advised the senators and the doctors .	The judge advised the senators .	entailment
The authors encouraged the student and the professor .	The authors encouraged the student .	entailment
The athletes encouraged the senator and the scientist .	The athletes encouraged the senator .	entailment
The authors contacted the lawyers and the athletes .	The authors contacted the lawyers .	entailment
The students and the judges slept .	The judges slept .	entailment
The manager helped the professors and the doctor .	The manager helped the professors .	entailment
The secretary and the doctors introduced the artist .	The doctors introduced the artist .	entailment
The senator and the athlete shouted .	The athlete shouted .	entailment
The scientist introduced the doctors and the judge .	The scientist introduced the doctors .	entailment
The students believed the artist and the actor .	The students believed the artist .	entailment
The tourists called the secretary and the artist .	The tourists called the secretary .	entailment
The banker and the lawyers encouraged the senators .	The lawyers encouraged the senators .	entailment
The authors contacted the professor and the bankers .	The authors contacted the professor .	entailment
The artist and the managers introduced the scientist .	The managers introduced the scientist .	entailment
The lawyer and the scientist mentioned the secretaries .	The scientist mentioned the secretaries .	entailment
The artist and the judges contacted the students .	The judges contacted the students .	entailment
The judge and the professor resigned .	The professor resigned .	entailment
The doctor and the student shouted .	The student shouted .	entailment
The doctors and the judges stopped the manager .	The judges stopped the manager .	entailment
The doctor introduced the scientists and the tourists .	The doctor introduced the scientists .	entailment
The banker recognized the presidents and the student .	The banker recognized the presidents .	entailment
The bankers and the students believed the presidents .	The students believed the presidents .	entailment
The secretaries and the scientists stopped the doctor .	The scientists stopped the doctor .	entailment
The author believed the lawyers and the athletes .	The author believed the lawyers .	entailment
The student and the secretaries encouraged the authors .	The secretaries encouraged the authors .	entailment
The doctor and the athletes believed the president .	The athletes believed the president .	entailment
The doctor supported the senator and the actors .	The doctor supported the senator .	entailment
The professors called the manager and the lawyers .	The professors called the manager .	entailment
The artists supported the manager and the professor .	The artists supported the manager .	entailment
The athlete and the student slept .	The student slept .	entailment
The secretary and the senator called the scientist .	The senator called the scientist .	entailment
The actors and the scientists introduced the athletes .	The scientists introduced the athletes .	entailment
The authors advised the lawyers and the students .	The authors advised the lawyers .	entailment
The tourists saw the judge and the professors .	The tourists saw the judge .	entailment
The artists and the scientists helped the students .	The scientists helped the students .	entailment
The athletes and the artist avoided the authors .	The artist avoided the authors .	entailment
The manager contacted the judges and the tourists .	The manager contacted the judges .	entailment
The senator thanked the lawyers and the actor .	The senator thanked the lawyers .	entailment
The doctor and the lawyers contacted the professors .	The lawyers contacted the professors .	entailment
The authors recommended the tourists and the secretaries .	The authors recommended the tourists .	entailment
The senators and the artists arrived .	The artists arrived .	entailment
The author and the scientist arrived .	The scientist arrived .	entailment
The tourists and the doctor shouted .	The doctor shouted .	entailment
The banker and the secretary advised the senator .	The secretary advised the senator .	entailment
The senators called the scientists and the presidents .	The senators called the scientists .	entailment
The manager supported the professor and the actors .	The manager supported the professor .	entailment
The student and the professors arrived .	The professors arrived .	entailment
The scientists saw the president and the artists .	The scientists saw the president .	entailment
The secretaries and the senators called the managers .	The senators called the managers .	entailment
The students and the banker called the tourists .	The banker called the tourists .	entailment
The lawyer and the bankers shouted .	The bankers shouted .	entailment
The secretaries and the lawyer encouraged the actors .	The lawyer encouraged the actors .	entailment
The managers contacted the artists and the judges .	The managers contacted the artists .	entailment
The presidents and the tourists thanked the judges .	The tourists thanked the judges .	entailment
The senator and the authors danced .	The authors danced .	entailment
The lawyers recommended the banker and the senator .	The lawyers recommended the banker .	entailment
The secretaries and the author supported the judge .	The author supported the judge .	entailment
The artists and the secretaries shouted .	The secretaries shouted .	entailment
The author supported the professor and the student .	The author supported the professor .	entailment
The tourist and the actor recommended the scientist .	The actor recommended the scientist .	entailment
The athlete and the managers thanked the authors .	The managers thanked the authors .	entailment
The doctors admired the student and the managers .	The doctors admired the student .	entailment
The banker and the senators danced .	The senators danced .	entailment
The artist and the bankers encouraged the actor .	The bankers encouraged the actor .	entailment
The scientists and the professors saw the author .	The professors saw the author .	entailment
The senator recommended the actor and the athletes .	The senator recommended the actor .	entailment
The scientists and the secretary saw the presidents .	The secretary saw the presidents .	entailment
The actor and the author recommended the scientists .	The author recommended the scientists .	entailment
The doctors and the bankers ran .	The bankers ran .	entailment
The secretary and the tourist called the authors .	The tourist called the authors .	entailment
The actor and the judges helped the artists .	The judges helped the artists .	entailment
The athlete and the lawyer recommended the professors .	The lawyer recommended the professors .	entailment
The artists and the actor recognized the judges .	The actor recognized the judges .	entailment
The senator thanked the professors and the bankers .	The senator thanked the professors .	entailment
The authors introduced the manager and the professor .	The authors introduced the manager .	entailment
The students and the senator waited .	The senator waited .	entailment
The author contacted the manager and the professors .	The author contacted the manager .	entailment
The professor and the athlete avoided the doctor .	The athlete avoided the doctor .	entailment
The judges recognized the actor and the senator .	The judges recognized the actor .	entailment
The professor called the manager and the lawyers .	The professor called the manager .	entailment
The professor and the scientist admired the president .	The scientist admired the president .	entailment
The senator and the student believed the athletes .	The student believed the athletes .	entailment
The senator and the doctor performed .	The doctor performed .	entailment
The secretaries and the tourists believed the president .	The tourists believed the president .	entailment
The secretary and the athletes encouraged the judges .	The athletes encouraged the judges .	entailment
The student and the doctors danced .	The doctors danced .	entailment
The secretaries avoided the bankers and the artist .	The secretaries avoided the bankers .	entailment
The lawyers and the doctors encouraged the athletes .	The doctors encouraged the athletes .	entailment
The manager and the senator advised the secretary .	The senator advised the secretary .	entailment
The managers and the author stopped the tourist .	The author stopped the tourist .	entailment
The athletes and the judge waited .	The judge waited .	entailment
The doctors believed the professor and the judge .	The doctors believed the professor .	entailment
The author and the president arrived .	The president arrived .	entailment
The manager and the athletes contacted the secretaries .	The athletes contacted the secretaries .	entailment
The president and the students performed .	The students performed .	entailment
The athletes and the banker advised the professor .	The banker advised the professor .	entailment
The senator introduced the authors and the scientist .	The senator introduced the authors .	entailment
The student saw the president and the professor .	The student saw the president .	entailment
The judges and the athlete slept .	The athlete slept .	entailment
The managers and the athletes slept .	The athletes slept .	entailment
The bankers and the athlete mentioned the judge .	The athlete mentioned the judge .	entailment
The judge and the doctor saw the banker .	The doctor saw the banker .	entailment
The doctor advised the author and the president .	The doctor advised the author .	entailment
The athletes and the lawyers advised the author .	The lawyers advised the author .	entailment
The secretary and the bankers danced .	The bankers danced .	entailment
The tourist contacted the secretary and the actor .	The tourist contacted the secretary .	entailment
The banker admired the manager and the actors .	The banker admired the manager .	entailment
The lawyers and the authors admired the judge .	The authors admired the judge .	entailment
The actors stopped the senator and the judge .	The actors stopped the senator .	entailment
The lawyers and the secretary called the doctor .	The secretary called the doctor .	entailment
The banker introduced the students and the author .	The banker introduced the students .	entailment
The professors thanked the secretary and the doctors .	The professors thanked the secretary .	entailment
The lawyers and the scientist slept .	The scientist slept .	entailment
The banker and the secretaries resigned .	The secretaries resigned .	entailment
The senators recommended the presidents and the author .	The senators recommended the presidents .	entailment
The authors and the senators shouted .	The senators shouted .	entailment
The doctor called the president and the senator .	The doctor called the president .	entailment
The tourist admired the secretaries and the professors .	The tourist admired the secretaries .	entailment
The secretary thanked the judge and the artist .	The secretary thanked the judge .	entailment
The senators and the professors contacted the student .	The professors contacted the student .	entailment
The bankers and the tourist supported the managers .	The tourist supported the managers .	entailment
The actor helped the managers and the artist .	The actor helped the managers .	entailment
The doctor believed the secretaries and the president .	The doctor believed the secretaries .	entailment
The athlete and the scientists stopped the managers .	The scientists stopped the managers .	entailment
The athlete stopped the scientists and the manager .	The athlete stopped the scientists .	entailment
The president and the banker believed the manager .	The banker believed the manager .	entailment
The bankers and the professors danced .	The professors danced .	entailment
The manager avoided the lawyer and the tourist .	The manager avoided the lawyer .	entailment
The tourists advised the student and the secretaries .	The tourists advised the student .	entailment
The banker and the lawyer shouted .	The lawyer shouted .	entailment
The authors and the students resigned .	The students resigned .	entailment
The judges and the secretary recognized the student .	The secretary recognized the student .	entailment
The doctors advised the tourist and the lawyers .	The doctors advised the tourist .	entailment
The athlete recognized the senator and the secretaries .	The athlete recognized the senator .	entailment
The judges and the athlete arrived .	The athlete arrived .	entailment
The bankers called the author and the manager .	The bankers called the author .	entailment
The judge and the actors contacted the bankers .	The actors contacted the bankers .	entailment
The artists and the secretaries saw the tourists .	The secretaries saw the tourists .	entailment
The professor and the authors stopped the lawyer .	The authors stopped the lawyer .	entailment
The tourists mentioned the manager and the president .	The tourists mentioned the manager .	entailment
The athlete contacted the students and the senator .	The athlete contacted the students .	entailment
The manager and the secretaries advised the tourists .	The secretaries advised the tourists .	entailment
The doctors and the scientists danced .	The scientists danced .	entailment
The scientists avoided the tourist and the secretaries .	The scientists avoided the tourist .	entailment
The actor and the bankers stopped the athlete .	The bankers stopped the athlete .	entailment
The doctor recommended the actor and the senators .	The doctor recommended the actor .	entailment
The lawyer and the actor introduced the professor .	The actor introduced the professor .	entailment
The student advised the senators and the lawyer .	The student advised the senators .	entailment
The lawyers and the manager avoided the judge .	The manager avoided the judge .	entailment
The tourists and the artists mentioned the lawyer .	The artists mentioned the lawyer .	entailment
The lawyers and the presidents recognized the student .	The presidents recognized the student .	entailment
The lawyers and the professors believed the manager .	The professors believed the manager .	entailment
The professors supported the authors and the actor .	The professors supported the authors .	entailment
The artists and the senators avoided the scientists .	The senators avoided the scientists .	entailment
The scientists and the actor danced .	The actor danced .	entailment
The lawyers and the secretary slept .	The secretary slept .	entailment
The artist and the scientists contacted the doctor .	The scientists contacted the doctor .	entailment
The senator and the professor performed .	The professor performed .	entailment
The athletes recommended the artist and the authors .	The athletes recommended the artist .	entailment
The judge and the author danced .	The author danced .	entailment
The presidents and the doctor waited .	The doctor waited .	entailment
The lawyers and the banker performed .	The banker performed .	entailment
The artists and the secretary mentioned the lawyers .	The secretary mentioned the lawyers .	entailment
The senator and the actor called the artist .	The actor called the artist .	entailment
The professors and the doctor stopped the students .	The doctor stopped the students .	entailment
The students and the bankers mentioned the actor .	The bankers mentioned the actor .	entailment
The president and the professor saw the doctors .	The professor saw the doctors .	entailment
The actor saw the student and the senators .	The actor saw the student .	entailment
The author and the president stopped the artist .	The president stopped the artist .	entailment
The students and the artists encouraged the authors .	The artists encouraged the authors .	entailment
The artists believed the professors and the scientists .	The artists believed the professors .	entailment
The presidents and the lawyers introduced the artists .	The lawyers introduced the artists .	entailment
The secretaries and the actor mentioned the judges .	The actor mentioned the judges .	entailment
The manager recommended the judge and the doctors .	The manager recommended the judge .	entailment
The athlete and the student admired the professor .	The student admired the professor .	entailment
The senator and the author advised the lawyer .	The author advised the lawyer .	entailment
The students and the author believed the judges .	The author believed the judges .	entailment
The athletes and the senator recommended the judge .	The senator recommended the judge .	entailment
The president and the scientists danced .	The scientists danced .	entailment
The presidents and the lawyers called the artist .	The lawyers called the artist .	entailment
The tourist and the senator contacted the managers .	The senator contacted the managers .	entailment
The senators supported the tourist and the scientists .	The senators supported the tourist .	entailment
The athletes avoided the tourist and the secretary .	The athletes avoided the tourist .	entailment
The managers and the authors contacted the student .	The authors contacted the student .	entailment
The tourists and the judge waited .	The judge waited .	entailment
The author contacted the actor and the artist .	The author contacted the actor .	entailment
The bankers helped the doctor and the lawyers .	The bankers helped the doctor .	entailment
The author and the artists helped the lawyer .	The artists helped the lawyer .	entailment
The managers believed the bankers and the athletes .	The managers believed the bankers .	entailment
The student contacted the judges and the author .	The student contacted the judges .	entailment
The scientists and the president slept .	The president slept .	entailment
The student and the athletes believed the senators .	The athletes believed the senators .	entailment
The senator and the lawyer resigned .	The lawyer resigned .	entailment
The senator and the scientist introduced the judge .	The scientist introduced the judge .	entailment
The presidents supported the students and the secretary .	The presidents supported the students .	entailment
The doctor and the professors encouraged the artist .	The professors encouraged the artist .	entailment
The actor and the author admired the judge .	The author admired the judge .	entailment
The doctors and the scientists thanked the athletes .	The scientists thanked the athletes .	entailment
The managers and the author saw the artists .	The author saw the artists .	entailment
The secretaries avoided the student and the scientist .	The secretaries avoided the student .	entailment
The students and the athlete slept .	The athlete slept .	entailment
The senator and the manager supported the president .	The manager supported the president .	entailment
The professor recommended the secretary and the athlete .	The professor recommended the secretary .	entailment
The authors mentioned the actors and the artist .	The authors mentioned the actors .	entailment
The artists and the senator shouted .	The senator shouted .	entailment
The doctors and the authors introduced the presidents .	The authors introduced the presidents .	entailment
The senator and the banker recognized the students .	The banker recognized the students .	entailment
The secretary and the professor mentioned the artist .	The professor mentioned the artist .	entailment
The judges thanked the athletes and the manager .	The judges thanked the athletes .	entailment
The lawyers and the tourists recommended the professors .	The tourists recommended the professors .	entailment
The secretaries and the authors shouted .	The authors shouted .	entailment
The secretary and the president arrived .	The president arrived .	entailment
The tourist and the artist arrived .	The artist arrived .	entailment
The lawyers and the scientists introduced the professor .	The scientists introduced the professor .	entailment
The doctor believed the manager and the actor .	The doctor believed the manager .	entailment
The secretaries and the professors admired the president .	The professors admired the president .	entailment
The senator and the doctors shouted .	The doctors shouted .	entailment
The student and the lawyer advised the doctors .	The lawyer advised the doctors .	entailment
The tourists and the athlete saw the artist .	The athlete saw the artist .	entailment
The lawyer advised the professors and the judge .	The lawyer advised the professors .	entailment
The scientist recommended the athlete and the authors .	The scientist recommended the athlete .	entailment
The secretaries encouraged the author and the president .	The secretaries encouraged the author .	entailment
The judges recommended the students and the banker .	The judges recommended the students .	entailment
The senator and the professors danced .	The professors danced .	entailment
The students and the doctors danced .	The doctors danced .	entailment
The artist and the student advised the lawyers .	The student advised the lawyers .	entailment
The banker and the athletes contacted the manager .	The athletes contacted the manager .	entailment
The banker introduced the professor and the scientists .	The banker introduced the professor .	entailment
The artists helped the lawyers and the president .	The artists helped the lawyers .	entailment
The tourists and the judges stopped the lawyers .	The judges stopped the lawyers .	entailment
The managers and the secretary contacted the banker .	The secretary contacted the banker .	entailment
The actor and the tourist avoided the presidents .	The tourist avoided the presidents .	entailment
The secretary called the senators and the bankers .	The secretary called the senators .	entailment
The managers admired the scientist and the senators .	The managers admired the scientist .	entailment
The tourist believed the manager and the lawyers .	The tourist believed the manager .	entailment
The senator and the artist performed .	The artist performed .	entailment
The student and the secretary advised the athletes .	The secretary advised the athletes .	entailment
The artist saw the author and the judge .	The artist saw the author .	entailment
The professors and the banker contacted the actor .	The banker contacted the actor .	entailment
The athlete and the scientists ran .	The scientists ran .	entailment
The lawyer and the artists avoided the author .	The artists avoided the author .	entailment
The actor and the judges advised the students .	The judges advised the students .	entailment
The secretary and the students believed the professor .	The students believed the professor .	entailment
The artist and the secretaries recommended the scientist .	The secretaries recommended the scientist .	entailment
The bankers and the doctor danced .	The doctor danced .	entailment
The judges stopped the actors and the scientist .	The judges stopped the actors .	entailment
The doctor saw the senators and the lawyers .	The doctor saw the senators .	entailment
The senator and the managers introduced the students .	The managers introduced the students .	entailment
The judge admired the author and the artists .	The judge admired the author .	entailment
The presidents and the artists recommended the student .	The artists recommended the student .	entailment
The students mentioned the author and the artist .	The students mentioned the author .	entailment
The professor and the senators advised the doctor .	The senators advised the doctor .	entailment
The tourist and the actor helped the presidents .	The actor helped the presidents .	entailment
The scientists believed the lawyers and the secretaries .	The scientists believed the lawyers .	entailment
The artist recommended the senator and the doctor .	The artist recommended the senator .	entailment
The students called the senator and the professor .	The students called the senator .	entailment
The tourist recognized the lawyer and the manager .	The tourist recognized the lawyer .	entailment
The professors introduced the manager and the actors .	The professors introduced the manager .	entailment
The authors and the actor advised the scientist .	The actor advised the scientist .	entailment
The presidents and the professor helped the athlete .	The professor helped the athlete .	entailment
The senators believed the artists and the tourist .	The senators believed the artists .	entailment
The artists and the authors slept .	The authors slept .	entailment
The student and the banker admired the scientist .	The banker admired the scientist .	entailment
The banker recognized the scientists and the lawyer .	The banker recognized the scientists .	entailment
The secretaries recognized the artist and the banker .	The secretaries recognized the artist .	entailment
The secretary believed the author and the artist .	The secretary believed the author .	entailment
The president encouraged the scientist and the banker .	The president encouraged the scientist .	entailment
The author admired the bankers and the judges .	The author admired the bankers .	entailment
The lawyer and the tourist encouraged the managers .	The tourist encouraged the managers .	entailment
The student and the actors arrived .	The actors arrived .	entailment
The judge saw the lawyers and the athletes .	The judge saw the lawyers .	entailment
The lawyers and the actor believed the athlete .	The actor believed the athlete .	entailment
The senators admired the tourist and the lawyer .	The senators admired the tourist .	entailment
The student recommended the managers and the scientists .	The student recommended the managers .	entailment
The actor advised the judges and the secretaries .	The actor advised the judges .	entailment
The authors and the student avoided the president .	The student avoided the president .	entailment
The doctor and the students stopped the tourist .	The students stopped the tourist .	entailment
The author and the students helped the managers .	The students helped the managers .	entailment
The artists and the judges shouted .	The judges shouted .	entailment
The banker and the lawyer recognized the athletes .	The lawyer recognized the athletes .	entailment
The secretaries and the actors encouraged the scientist .	The actors encouraged the scientist .	entailment
The lawyer avoided the doctor and the presidents .	The lawyer avoided the doctor .	entailment
The senators and the lawyers encouraged the tourists .	The lawyers encouraged the tourists .	entailment
The manager mentioned the authors and the lawyer .	The manager mentioned the authors .	entailment
The secretaries and the presidents performed .	The presidents performed .	entailment
The lawyer stopped the athlete and the scientist .	The lawyer stopped the athlete .	entailment
The lawyers and the tourist ran .	The tourist ran .	entailment
The athlete and the actors mentioned the scientists .	The actors mentioned the scientists .	entailment
The scientist and the doctor arrived .	The doctor arrived .	entailment
The athletes and the secretary thanked the senator .	The secretary thanked the senator .	entailment
The scientists supported the presidents and the artists .	The scientists supported the presidents .	entailment
The managers and the athletes contacted the scientists .	The athletes contacted the scientists .	entailment
The authors and the secretary believed the professors .	The secretary believed the professors .	entailment
The scientist introduced the banker and the athletes .	The scientist introduced the banker .	entailment
The author advised the secretaries and the bankers .	The author advised the secretaries .	entailment
The doctors recommended the senators and the judge .	The doctors recommended the senators .	entailment
The lawyer and the professors supported the actor .	The professors supported the actor .	entailment
The bankers supported the managers and the student .	The bankers supported the managers .	entailment
The president and the athlete performed .	The athlete performed .	entailment
The authors believed the athletes and the student .	The authors believed the athletes .	entailment
The scientist and the presidents recommended the doctors .	The presidents recommended the doctors .	entailment
The judges and the managers resigned .	The managers resigned .	entailment
The actor recommended the senator and the judge .	The actor recommended the senator .	entailment
The lawyer recommended the artists and the actors .	The lawyer recommended the artists .	entailment
The athletes and the judges advised the bankers .	The judges advised the bankers .	entailment
The lawyer and the banker shouted .	The banker shouted .	entailment
The president called the lawyers and the artists .	The president called the lawyers .	entailment
The tourist called the students and the professor .	The tourist called the students .	entailment
The judge stopped the actors and the lawyer .	The judge stopped the actors .	entailment
The professors and the tourist avoided the president .	The tourist avoided the president .	entailment
The senator and the doctors helped the students .	The doctors helped the students .	entailment
The doctors and the students recognized the authors .	The students recognized the authors .	entailment
The senators and the athlete waited .	The athlete waited .	entailment
The scientist and the senator called the banker .	The senator called the banker .	entailment
The senators recognized the lawyer and the presidents .	The senators recognized the lawyer .	entailment
The banker mentioned the scientist and the athlete .	The banker mentioned the scientist .	entailment
The judges and the managers waited .	The managers waited .	entailment
The athlete and the judge avoided the professors .	The judge avoided the professors .	entailment
The scientist and the tourists saw the professors .	The tourists saw the professors .	entailment
The author and the tourist recognized the doctors .	The tourist recognized the doctors .	entailment
Important students introduced the judges .	Students introduced the judges .	entailment
Helpful judges saw the athletes .	Judges saw the athletes .	entailment
Helpful professors slept .	Professors slept .	entailment
Popular secretaries thanked the actor .	Secretaries thanked the actor .	entailment
Happy authors advised the artists .	Authors advised the artists .	entailment
Famous students avoided the presidents .	Students avoided the presidents .	entailment
Serious artists recognized the judges .	Artists recognized the judges .	entailment
Helpful actors helped the manager .	Actors helped the manager .	entailment
Helpful athletes arrived .	Athletes arrived .	entailment
Happy students arrived .	Students arrived .	entailment
Popular senators encouraged the bankers .	Senators encouraged the bankers .	entailment
Helpful artists encouraged the authors .	Artists encouraged the authors .	entailment
Angry presidents performed .	Presidents performed .	entailment
Famous senators advised the artists .	Senators advised the artists .	entailment
Happy authors mentioned the athletes .	Authors mentioned the athletes .	entailment
Helpful authors slept .	Authors slept .	entailment
Serious bankers performed .	Bankers performed .	entailment
Happy managers waited .	Managers waited .	entailment
Famous secretaries slept .	Secretaries slept .	entailment
Serious professors admired the secretary .	Professors admired the secretary .	entailment
Angry professors admired the tourists .	Professors admired the tourists .	entailment
Famous authors encouraged the scientist .	Authors encouraged the scientist .	entailment
Popular students called the scientist .	Students called the scientist .	entailment
Angry scientists performed .	Scientists performed .	entailment
Important lawyers thanked the professors .	Lawyers thanked the professors .	entailment
Happy managers advised the bankers .	Managers advised the bankers .	entailment
Important doctors recognized the actor .	Doctors recognized the actor .	entailment
Happy professors arrived .	Professors arrived .	entailment
Serious bankers admired the artists .	Bankers admired the artists .	entailment
Helpful presidents performed .	Presidents performed .	entailment
Angry artists introduced the secretary .	Artists introduced the secretary .	entailment
Young students avoided the lawyers .	Students avoided the lawyers .	entailment
Angry students waited .	Students waited .	entailment
Serious students ran .	Students ran .	entailment
Young actors slept .	Actors slept .	entailment
Famous actors introduced the tourist .	Actors introduced the tourist .	entailment
Important lawyers shouted .	Lawyers shouted .	entailment
Famous artists waited .	Artists waited .	entailment
Popular bankers advised the student .	Bankers advised the student .	entailment
Angry scientists thanked the lawyers .	Scientists thanked the lawyers .	entailment
Important presidents contacted the professor .	Presidents contacted the professor .	entailment
Famous artists introduced the doctors .	Artists introduced the doctors .	entailment
Young actors danced .	Actors danced .	entailment
Happy athletes helped the author .	Athletes helped the author .	entailment
Happy bankers believed the athlete .	Bankers believed the athlete .	entailment
Important scientists recommended the manager .	Scientists recommended the manager .	entailment
Important students recognized the authors .	Students recognized the authors .	entailment
Helpful students admired the lawyer .	Students admired the lawyer .	entailment
Popular scientists slept .	Scientists slept .	entailment
Famous judges admired the professors .	Judges admired the professors .	entailment
Helpful secretaries slept .	Secretaries slept .	entailment
Helpful authors admired the artist .	Authors admired the artist .	entailment
Angry senators danced .	Senators danced .	entailment
Angry bankers believed the actors .	Bankers believed the actors .	entailment
Popular athletes waited .	Athletes waited .	entailment
Young students ran .	Students ran .	entailment
Helpful students introduced the manager .	Students introduced the manager .	entailment
Young professors supported the actor .	Professors supported the actor .	entailment
Important students encouraged the banker .	Students encouraged the banker .	entailment
Young managers performed .	Managers performed .	entailment
Famous actors called the lawyer .	Actors called the lawyer .	entailment
Happy authors waited .	Authors waited .	entailment
Helpful senators called the professor .	Senators called the professor .	entailment
Important actors avoided the banker .	Actors avoided the banker .	entailment
Famous lawyers recommended the secretary .	Lawyers recommended the secretary .	entailment
Young bankers believed the lawyers .	Bankers believed the lawyers .	entailment
Happy senators admired the lawyers .	Senators admired the lawyers .	entailment
Famous tourists slept .	Tourists slept .	entailment
Angry authors saw the artists .	Authors saw the artists .	entailment
Popular managers danced .	Managers danced .	entailment
Important lawyers encouraged the senators .	Lawyers encouraged the senators .	entailment
Popular authors resigned .	Authors resigned .	entailment
Popular students recommended the athletes .	Students recommended the athletes .	entailment
Young presidents waited .	Presidents waited .	entailment
Important bankers ran .	Bankers ran .	entailment
Serious athletes contacted the authors .	Athletes contacted the authors .	entailment
Helpful managers shouted .	Managers shouted .	entailment
Angry authors recommended the athlete .	Authors recommended the athlete .	entailment
Popular authors stopped the presidents .	Authors stopped the presidents .	entailment
Happy managers mentioned the professors .	Managers mentioned the professors .	entailment
Young secretaries recognized the tourist .	Secretaries recognized the tourist .	entailment
Angry authors ran .	Authors ran .	entailment
Helpful doctors ran .	Doctors ran .	entailment
Helpful tourists danced .	Tourists danced .	entailment
Helpful artists advised the scientist .	Artists advised the scientist .	entailment
Helpful actors admired the student .	Actors admired the student .	entailment
Popular tourists recognized the athlete .	Tourists recognized the athlete .	entailment
Famous authors thanked the presidents .	Authors thanked the presidents .	entailment
Helpful authors called the senators .	Authors called the senators .	entailment
Important athletes saw the president .	Athletes saw the president .	entailment
Serious tourists admired the judge .	Tourists admired the judge .	entailment
Helpful athletes recognized the secretary .	Athletes recognized the secretary .	entailment
Important doctors introduced the actors .	Doctors introduced the actors .	entailment
Young lawyers believed the secretary .	Lawyers believed the secretary .	entailment
Popular artists ran .	Artists ran .	entailment
Angry students introduced the tourists .	Students introduced the tourists .	entailment
Serious bankers recognized the students .	Bankers recognized the students .	entailment
Helpful senators waited .	Senators waited .	entailment
Popular managers performed .	Managers performed .	entailment
Helpful authors waited .	Authors waited .	entailment
Young secretaries called the authors .	Secretaries called the authors .	entailment
Serious artists ran .	Artists ran .	entailment
Happy scientists thanked the author .	Scientists thanked the author .	entailment
Popular managers called the senators .	Managers called the senators .	entailment
Important professors recognized the actor .	Professors recognized the actor .	entailment
Famous professors advised the banker .	Professors advised the banker .	entailment
Angry authors recognized the president .	Authors recognized the president .	entailment
Popular students recommended the presidents .	Students recommended the presidents .	entailment
Helpful managers advised the student .	Managers advised the student .	entailment
Young actors avoided the professor .	Actors avoided the professor .	entailment
Young scientists avoided the author .	Scientists avoided the author .	entailment
Serious students thanked the author .	Students thanked the author .	entailment
Popular bankers encouraged the students .	Bankers encouraged the students .	entailment
Serious lawyers slept .	Lawyers slept .	entailment
Angry artists recommended the scientist .	Artists recommended the scientist .	entailment
Young judges shouted .	Judges shouted .	entailment
Angry students ran .	Students ran .	entailment
Young managers saw the authors .	Managers saw the authors .	entailment
Angry authors helped the senators .	Authors helped the senators .	entailment
Happy bankers waited .	Bankers waited .	entailment
Serious professors recommended the artist .	Professors recommended the artist .	entailment
Important tourists supported the authors .	Tourists supported the authors .	entailment
Young bankers stopped the tourist .	Bankers stopped the tourist .	entailment
Popular lawyers encouraged the athletes .	Lawyers encouraged the athletes .	entailment
Popular doctors supported the artist .	Doctors supported the artist .	entailment
Angry tourists performed .	Tourists performed .	entailment
Angry artists recognized the student .	Artists recognized the student .	entailment
Helpful scientists advised the student .	Scientists advised the student .	entailment
Angry authors recognized the scientist .	Authors recognized the scientist .	entailment
Happy students shouted .	Students shouted .	entailment
Young bankers advised the secretary .	Bankers advised the secretary .	entailment
Angry lawyers stopped the judges .	Lawyers stopped the judges .	entailment
Popular tourists believed the athlete .	Tourists believed the athlete .	entailment
Important lawyers slept .	Lawyers slept .	entailment
Important bankers contacted the senator .	Bankers contacted the senator .	entailment
Important presidents stopped the professor .	Presidents stopped the professor .	entailment
Young judges advised the doctor .	Judges advised the doctor .	entailment
Popular actors supported the manager .	Actors supported the manager .	entailment
Important tourists performed .	Tourists performed .	entailment
Important bankers thanked the actor .	Bankers thanked the actor .	entailment
Serious managers contacted the lawyer .	Managers contacted the lawyer .	entailment
Famous managers performed .	Managers performed .	entailment
Young doctors contacted the judges .	Doctors contacted the judges .	entailment
Important secretaries saw the judges .	Secretaries saw the judges .	entailment
Serious judges avoided the author .	Judges avoided the author .	entailment
Popular doctors recognized the scientist .	Doctors recognized the scientist .	entailment
Popular professors introduced the doctors .	Professors introduced the doctors .	entailment
Famous secretaries admired the artists .	Secretaries admired the artists .	entailment
Important actors recommended the authors .	Actors recommended the authors .	entailment
Young senators mentioned the students .	Senators mentioned the students .	entailment
Important artists shouted .	Artists shouted .	entailment
Young scientists recognized the senators .	Scientists recognized the senators .	entailment
Serious secretaries mentioned the senator .	Secretaries mentioned the senator .	entailment
Serious professors admired the author .	Professors admired the author .	entailment
Famous professors recommended the judge .	Professors recommended the judge .	entailment
Young artists admired the tourist .	Artists admired the tourist .	entailment
Happy actors resigned .	Actors resigned .	entailment
Famous judges recommended the artist .	Judges recommended the artist .	entailment
Popular bankers recommended the authors .	Bankers recommended the authors .	entailment
Popular senators arrived .	Senators arrived .	entailment
Popular students performed .	Students performed .	entailment
Popular judges advised the scientist .	Judges advised the scientist .	entailment
Important students believed the scientists .	Students believed the scientists .	entailment
Important tourists believed the lawyers .	Tourists believed the lawyers .	entailment
Helpful scientists supported the presidents .	Scientists supported the presidents .	entailment
Angry secretaries danced .	Secretaries danced .	entailment
Serious artists thanked the lawyer .	Artists thanked the lawyer .	entailment
Serious artists shouted .	Artists shouted .	entailment
Happy authors supported the actor .	Authors supported the actor .	entailment
Important authors slept .	Authors slept .	entailment
Happy scientists slept .	Scientists slept .	entailment
Important artists ran .	Artists ran .	entailment
Famous senators waited .	Senators waited .	entailment
Important presidents believed the secretaries .	Presidents believed the secretaries .	entailment
Happy artists arrived .	Artists arrived .	entailment
Happy actors recommended the president .	Actors recommended the president .	entailment
Serious artists believed the professor .	Artists believed the professor .	entailment
Young scientists supported the tourists .	Scientists supported the tourists .	entailment
Helpful athletes believed the secretary .	Athletes believed the secretary .	entailment
Helpful lawyers mentioned the actor .	Lawyers mentioned the actor .	entailment
Important professors called the athlete .	Professors called the athlete .	entailment
Young presidents thanked the actors .	Presidents thanked the actors .	entailment
Happy managers resigned .	Managers resigned .	entailment
Helpful artists resigned .	Artists resigned .	entailment
Young authors helped the president .	Authors helped the president .	entailment
Young senators encouraged the actor .	Senators encouraged the actor .	entailment
Angry artists resigned .	Artists resigned .	entailment
Helpful students performed .	Students performed .	entailment
Serious authors waited .	Authors waited .	entailment
Serious doctors admired the artists .	Doctors admired the artists .	entailment
Happy scientists ran .	Scientists ran .	entailment
Young tourists supported the managers .	Tourists supported the managers .	entailment
Helpful bankers contacted the scientists .	Bankers contacted the scientists .	entailment
Happy presidents avoided the professors .	Presidents avoided the professors .	entailment
Happy secretaries stopped the manager .	Secretaries stopped the manager .	entailment
Famous students introduced the judges .	Students introduced the judges .	entailment
Young doctors performed .	Doctors performed .	entailment
Young lawyers recognized the bankers .	Lawyers recognized the bankers .	entailment
Angry tourists ran .	Tourists ran .	entailment
Happy lawyers supported the scientists .	Lawyers supported the scientists .	entailment
Happy artists danced .	Artists danced .	entailment
Important athletes contacted the secretaries .	Athletes contacted the secretaries .	entailment
Young lawyers resigned .	Lawyers resigned .	entailment
Helpful artists supported the tourists .	Artists supported the tourists .	entailment
Young tourists waited .	Tourists waited .	entailment
Important professors slept .	Professors slept .	entailment
Young senators admired the doctors .	Senators admired the doctors .	entailment
Serious professors believed the authors .	Professors believed the authors .	entailment
Important artists helped the scientists .	Artists helped the scientists .	entailment
Popular doctors recognized the secretaries .	Doctors recognized the secretaries .	entailment
Popular tourists stopped the banker .	Tourists stopped the banker .	entailment
Helpful actors recognized the students .	Actors recognized the students .	entailment
Happy senators encouraged the student .	Senators encouraged the student .	entailment
Famous authors contacted the scientist .	Authors contacted the scientist .	entailment
Happy students believed the banker .	Students believed the banker .	entailment
Famous scientists recognized the secretary .	Scientists recognized the secretary .	entailment
Famous secretaries resigned .	Secretaries resigned .	entailment
Popular bankers shouted .	Bankers shouted .	entailment
Popular authors slept .	Authors slept .	entailment
Young lawyers stopped the actors .	Lawyers stopped the actors .	entailment
Famous actors performed .	Actors performed .	entailment
Popular tourists waited .	Tourists waited .	entailment
Angry presidents advised the author .	Presidents advised the author .	entailment
Popular actors helped the artist .	Actors helped the artist .	entailment
Happy actors helped the scientists .	Actors helped the scientists .	entailment
Famous secretaries avoided the artists .	Secretaries avoided the artists .	entailment
Happy bankers ran .	Bankers ran .	entailment
Helpful bankers stopped the presidents .	Bankers stopped the presidents .	entailment
Happy scientists contacted the professors .	Scientists contacted the professors .	entailment
Important senators arrived .	Senators arrived .	entailment
Angry professors waited .	Professors waited .	entailment
Important managers avoided the senator .	Managers avoided the senator .	entailment
Helpful artists saw the actor .	Artists saw the actor .	entailment
Serious artists believed the senators .	Artists believed the senators .	entailment
Young doctors recommended the lawyers .	Doctors recommended the lawyers .	entailment
Serious tourists advised the professors .	Tourists advised the professors .	entailment
Helpful scientists danced .	Scientists danced .	entailment
Young lawyers thanked the managers .	Lawyers thanked the managers .	entailment
Angry managers slept .	Managers slept .	entailment
Popular doctors recognized the lawyers .	Doctors recognized the lawyers .	entailment
Popular senators waited .	Senators waited .	entailment
Helpful presidents recommended the banker .	Presidents recommended the banker .	entailment
Young students thanked the lawyers .	Students thanked the lawyers .	entailment
Young actors mentioned the judge .	Actors mentioned the judge .	entailment
Famous doctors danced .	Doctors danced .	entailment
Angry professors slept .	Professors slept .	entailment
Popular doctors thanked the athletes .	Doctors thanked the athletes .	entailment
Angry athletes thanked the tourist .	Athletes thanked the tourist .	entailment
Helpful managers thanked the professor .	Managers thanked the professor .	entailment
Popular lawyers contacted the actors .	Lawyers contacted the actors .	entailment
Helpful students slept .	Students slept .	entailment
Angry professors saw the athletes .	Professors saw the athletes .	entailment
Angry athletes shouted .	Athletes shouted .	entailment
Serious actors saw the tourist .	Actors saw the tourist .	entailment
Young tourists encouraged the athlete .	Tourists encouraged the athlete .	entailment
Angry tourists encouraged the secretaries .	Tourists encouraged the secretaries .	entailment
Important secretaries introduced the scientist .	Secretaries introduced the scientist .	entailment
Helpful doctors danced .	Doctors danced .	entailment
Happy secretaries resigned .	Secretaries resigned .	entailment
Young senators helped the actors .	Senators helped the actors .	entailment
Important lawyers mentioned the athlete .	Lawyers mentioned the athlete .	entailment
Happy tourists resigned .	Tourists resigned .	entailment
Popular authors saw the actors .	Authors saw the actors .	entailment
Important lawyers supported the artist .	Lawyers supported the artist .	entailment
Serious judges ran .	Judges ran .	entailment
Popular senators supported the manager .	Senators supported the manager .	entailment
Happy lawyers helped the president .	Lawyers helped the president .	entailment
Angry authors supported the tourist .	Authors supported the tourist .	entailment
Helpful presidents shouted .	Presidents shouted .	entailment
Famous professors mentioned the actors .	Professors mentioned the actors .	entailment
Serious students slept .	Students slept .	entailment
Famous judges called the senators .	Judges called the senators .	entailment
Serious lawyers called the artists .	Lawyers called the artists .	entailment
Serious judges stopped the banker .	Judges stopped the banker .	entailment
Angry actors thanked the bankers .	Actors thanked the bankers .	entailment
Angry doctors admired the secretary .	Doctors admired the secretary .	entailment
Angry lawyers mentioned the professors .	Lawyers mentioned the professors .	entailment
Important students performed .	Students performed .	entailment
Popular athletes called the professors .	Athletes called the professors .	entailment
Young students contacted the bankers .	Students contacted the bankers .	entailment
Important artists advised the scientists .	Artists advised the scientists .	entailment
Helpful artists ran .	Artists ran .	entailment
Famous professors supported the secretary .	Professors supported the secretary .	entailment
Happy doctors waited .	Doctors waited .	entailment
Famous senators contacted the banker .	Senators contacted the banker .	entailment
Young scientists danced .	Scientists danced .	entailment
Angry judges admired the athletes .	Judges admired the athletes .	entailment
Angry presidents believed the judges .	Presidents believed the judges .	entailment
Famous secretaries stopped the lawyer .	Secretaries stopped the lawyer .	entailment
Happy secretaries supported the manager .	Secretaries supported the manager .	entailment
Popular senators believed the tourists .	Senators believed the tourists .	entailment
Helpful presidents recommended the professors .	Presidents recommended the professors .	entailment
Angry actors recommended the professors .	Actors recommended the professors .	entailment
Popular tourists called the banker .	Tourists called the banker .	entailment
Important tourists called the students .	Tourists called the students .	entailment
Popular doctors advised the artists .	Doctors advised the artists .	entailment
Famous lawyers recommended the athletes .	Lawyers recommended the athletes .	entailment
Important actors admired the professor .	Actors admired the professor .	entailment
Happy doctors supported the manager .	Doctors supported the manager .	entailment
Angry authors contacted the athlete .	Authors contacted the athlete .	entailment
Young secretaries resigned .	Secretaries resigned .	entailment
Happy lawyers stopped the student .	Lawyers stopped the student .	entailment
Young tourists introduced the artist .	Tourists introduced the artist .	entailment
Young scientists advised the secretaries .	Scientists advised the secretaries .	entailment
Young managers waited .	Managers waited .	entailment
Important senators called the judges .	Senators called the judges .	entailment
Serious athletes slept .	Athletes slept .	entailment
Angry secretaries introduced the senator .	Secretaries introduced the senator .	entailment
Famous senators helped the authors .	Senators helped the authors .	entailment
Famous students helped the bankers .	Students helped the bankers .	entailment
Helpful actors contacted the authors .	Actors contacted the authors .	entailment
Helpful secretaries mentioned the managers .	Secretaries mentioned the managers .	entailment
Important lawyers resigned .	Lawyers resigned .	entailment
Important lawyers introduced the tourists .	Lawyers introduced the tourists .	entailment
Helpful bankers slept .	Bankers slept .	entailment
Young secretaries helped the judge .	Secretaries helped the judge .	entailment
Important athletes advised the presidents .	Athletes advised the presidents .	entailment
Famous secretaries contacted the artists .	Secretaries contacted the artists .	entailment
Famous managers supported the senator .	Managers supported the senator .	entailment
Young judges admired the president .	Judges admired the president .	entailment
Important artists saw the president .	Artists saw the president .	entailment
Popular tourists helped the senator .	Tourists helped the senator .	entailment
Helpful senators saw the scientist .	Senators saw the scientist .	entailment
Angry bankers helped the student .	Bankers helped the student .	entailment
Important doctors resigned .	Doctors resigned .	entailment
Serious artists believed the bankers .	Artists believed the bankers .	entailment
Happy judges danced .	Judges danced .	entailment
Angry secretaries mentioned the doctor .	Secretaries mentioned the doctor .	entailment
Young scientists mentioned the student .	Scientists mentioned the student .	entailment
Important actors recognized the bankers .	Actors recognized the bankers .	entailment
Famous managers danced .	Managers danced .	entailment
Important doctors believed the president .	Doctors believed the president .	entailment
Angry presidents stopped the authors .	Presidents stopped the authors .	entailment
Angry lawyers recommended the tourist .	Lawyers recommended the tourist .	entailment
Happy judges recognized the scientist .	Judges recognized the scientist .	entailment
Angry secretaries arrived .	Secretaries arrived .	entailment
Serious secretaries waited .	Secretaries waited .	entailment
Popular managers mentioned the scientists .	Managers mentioned the scientists .	entailment
Young artists performed .	Artists performed .	entailment
Popular presidents waited .	Presidents waited .	entailment
Young actors encouraged the artists .	Actors encouraged the artists .	entailment
Happy artists stopped the scientists .	Artists stopped the scientists .	entailment
Important lawyers performed .	Lawyers performed .	entailment
Important judges saw the secretary .	Judges saw the secretary .	entailment
Young actors helped the doctors .	Actors helped the doctors .	entailment
Helpful authors shouted .	Authors shouted .	entailment
Popular senators ran .	Senators ran .	entailment
Famous presidents recognized the managers .	Presidents recognized the managers .	entailment
Popular artists helped the authors .	Artists helped the authors .	entailment
Serious lawyers thanked the bankers .	Lawyers thanked the bankers .	entailment
Young senators stopped the actor .	Senators stopped the actor .	entailment
Young senators arrived .	Senators arrived .	entailment
Helpful athletes danced .	Athletes danced .	entailment
Young artists believed the judges .	Artists believed the judges .	entailment
Famous bankers danced .	Bankers danced .	entailment
Serious presidents admired the scientists .	Presidents admired the scientists .	entailment
Serious senators advised the athletes .	Senators advised the athletes .	entailment
Serious actors supported the artists .	Actors supported the artists .	entailment
Happy professors recommended the presidents .	Professors recommended the presidents .	entailment
Popular judges admired the secretary .	Judges admired the secretary .	entailment
Popular managers arrived .	Managers arrived .	entailment
Happy lawyers helped the judges .	Lawyers helped the judges .	entailment
Important secretaries slept .	Secretaries slept .	entailment
Helpful actors mentioned the judge .	Actors mentioned the judge .	entailment
Popular authors stopped the doctor .	Authors stopped the doctor .	entailment
Helpful lawyers avoided the student .	Lawyers avoided the student .	entailment
Angry scientists mentioned the athlete .	Scientists mentioned the athlete .	entailment
Famous students contacted the professor .	Students contacted the professor .	entailment
Famous managers resigned .	Managers resigned .	entailment
Serious bankers danced .	Bankers danced .	entailment
Important senators performed .	Senators performed .	entailment
Happy secretaries recommended the actors .	Secretaries recommended the actors .	entailment
Happy managers performed .	Managers performed .	entailment
Popular students advised the president .	Students advised the president .	entailment
Happy presidents mentioned the doctor .	Presidents mentioned the doctor .	entailment
Important lawyers recognized the student .	Lawyers recognized the student .	entailment
Serious athletes contacted the senators .	Athletes contacted the senators .	entailment
Young managers contacted the artist .	Managers contacted the artist .	entailment
Helpful judges saw the secretary .	Judges saw the secretary .	entailment
Important judges avoided the secretaries .	Judges avoided the secretaries .	entailment
Popular actors shouted .	Actors shouted .	entailment
Popular presidents saw the athlete .	Presidents saw the athlete .	entailment
Angry tourists thanked the artists .	Tourists thanked the artists .	entailment
Serious managers mentioned the artists .	Managers mentioned the artists .	entailment
Important authors avoided the doctors .	Authors avoided the doctors .	entailment
Angry lawyers supported the president .	Lawyers supported the president .	entailment
Serious senators mentioned the lawyer .	Senators mentioned the lawyer .	entailment
Helpful judges believed the lawyer .	Judges believed the lawyer .	entailment
Famous doctors believed the manager .	Doctors believed the manager .	entailment
Young students danced .	Students danced .	entailment
Famous managers saw the presidents .	Managers saw the presidents .	entailment
Serious authors admired the athletes .	Authors admired the athletes .	entailment
Famous doctors called the students .	Doctors called the students .	entailment
Happy judges performed .	Judges performed .	entailment
Helpful artists supported the judges .	Artists supported the judges .	entailment
Helpful scientists recognized the lawyers .	Scientists recognized the lawyers .	entailment
Important presidents ran .	Presidents ran .	entailment
Angry lawyers recommended the scientist .	Lawyers recommended the scientist .	entailment
Important professors resigned .	Professors resigned .	entailment
Popular managers waited .	Managers waited .	entailment
Angry scientists believed the president .	Scientists believed the president .	entailment
Important judges advised the banker .	Judges advised the banker .	entailment
Helpful judges slept .	Judges slept .	entailment
Important secretaries supported the students .	Secretaries supported the students .	entailment
Helpful professors avoided the tourists .	Professors avoided the tourists .	entailment
Angry bankers encouraged the tourists .	Bankers encouraged the tourists .	entailment
Famous doctors recommended the presidents .	Doctors recommended the presidents .	entailment
Angry actors waited .	Actors waited .	entailment
Famous doctors stopped the lawyer .	Doctors stopped the lawyer .	entailment
Young presidents avoided the managers .	Presidents avoided the managers .	entailment
Important authors mentioned the judges .	Authors mentioned the judges .	entailment
Famous authors resigned .	Authors resigned .	entailment
Famous athletes mentioned the senators .	Athletes mentioned the senators .	entailment
Helpful bankers arrived .	Bankers arrived .	entailment
Famous authors recommended the presidents .	Authors recommended the presidents .	entailment
Helpful tourists supported the author .	Tourists supported the author .	entailment
Helpful athletes advised the judges .	Athletes advised the judges .	entailment
Famous doctors thanked the scientist .	Doctors thanked the scientist .	entailment
Young lawyers admired the author .	Lawyers admired the author .	entailment
Happy managers shouted .	Managers shouted .	entailment
Famous managers waited .	Managers waited .	entailment
Popular bankers mentioned the senators .	Bankers mentioned the senators .	entailment
Popular doctors performed .	Doctors performed .	entailment
Angry artists advised the scientists .	Artists advised the scientists .	entailment
Famous bankers called the manager .	Bankers called the manager .	entailment
Famous authors arrived .	Authors arrived .	entailment
Helpful authors recommended the athlete .	Authors recommended the athlete .	entailment
Young secretaries introduced the judges .	Secretaries introduced the judges .	entailment
Helpful actors advised the doctor .	Actors advised the doctor .	entailment
Happy tourists arrived .	Tourists arrived .	entailment
Young artists stopped the tourist .	Artists stopped the tourist .	entailment
Angry senators stopped the managers .	Senators stopped the managers .	entailment
Popular professors shouted .	Professors shouted .	entailment
Young professors admired the judge .	Professors admired the judge .	entailment
Serious athletes supported the actors .	Athletes supported the actors .	entailment
Young managers advised the athletes .	Managers advised the athletes .	entailment
Important tourists stopped the lawyer .	Tourists stopped the lawyer .	entailment
Popular authors recognized the artist .	Authors recognized the artist .	entailment
Important students danced .	Students danced .	entailment
Happy lawyers slept .	Lawyers slept .	entailment
Helpful managers saw the actors .	Managers saw the actors .	entailment
Important doctors performed .	Doctors performed .	entailment
Young artists encouraged the secretary .	Artists encouraged the secretary .	entailment
Important presidents mentioned the student .	Presidents mentioned the student .	entailment
Popular authors believed the banker .	Authors believed the banker .	entailment
Famous bankers helped the students .	Bankers helped the students .	entailment
Important presidents admired the secretary .	Presidents admired the secretary .	entailment
Famous presidents advised the actor .	Presidents advised the actor .	entailment
Popular doctors arrived .	Doctors arrived .	entailment
Famous secretaries ran .	Secretaries ran .	entailment
Important judges believed the managers .	Judges believed the managers .	entailment
Serious tourists resigned .	Tourists resigned .	entailment
Important professors encouraged the tourists .	Professors encouraged the tourists .	entailment
Popular managers introduced the athlete .	Managers introduced the athlete .	entailment
Popular professors called the secretary .	Professors called the secretary .	entailment
Important authors waited .	Authors waited .	entailment
Important authors recognized the doctors .	Authors recognized the doctors .	entailment
Serious doctors waited .	Doctors waited .	entailment
Popular managers called the judge .	Managers called the judge .	entailment
Helpful presidents recognized the authors .	Presidents recognized the authors .	entailment
Angry senators recognized the presidents .	Senators recognized the presidents .	entailment
Happy professors admired the managers .	Professors admired the managers .	entailment
Important scientists advised the banker .	Scientists advised the banker .	entailment
Happy tourists shouted .	Tourists shouted .	entailment
Angry secretaries advised the manager .	Secretaries advised the manager .	entailment
Popular professors recognized the tourists .	Professors recognized the tourists .	entailment
Young students performed .	Students performed .	entailment
Important professors mentioned the scientists .	Professors mentioned the scientists .	entailment
Popular authors ran .	Authors ran .	entailment
Helpful judges recognized the scientists .	Judges recognized the scientists .	entailment
Young presidents ran .	Presidents ran .	entailment
Famous lawyers thanked the authors .	Lawyers thanked the authors .	entailment
Young doctors believed the managers .	Doctors believed the managers .	entailment
Important artists contacted the actors .	Artists contacted the actors .	entailment
Helpful artists performed .	Artists performed .	entailment
Popular secretaries arrived .	Secretaries arrived .	entailment
Popular senators encouraged the artists .	Senators encouraged the artists .	entailment
Helpful doctors contacted the tourist .	Doctors contacted the tourist .	entailment
Happy senators ran .	Senators ran .	entailment
Famous tourists believed the actors .	Tourists believed the actors .	entailment
Helpful actors ran .	Actors ran .	entailment
Popular students believed the senators .	Students believed the senators .	entailment
Popular professors helped the secretary .	Professors helped the secretary .	entailment
Important lawyers contacted the presidents .	Lawyers contacted the presidents .	entailment
Young artists mentioned the professors .	Artists mentioned the professors .	entailment
Young judges danced .	Judges danced .	entailment
Angry senators stopped the lawyer .	Senators stopped the lawyer .	entailment
Famous lawyers performed .	Lawyers performed .	entailment
Serious managers introduced the senators .	Managers introduced the senators .	entailment
Helpful bankers called the authors .	Bankers called the authors .	entailment
Popular actors resigned .	Actors resigned .	entailment
Important secretaries believed the judge .	Secretaries believed the judge .	entailment
Happy judges called the secretaries .	Judges called the secretaries .	entailment
Famous lawyers called the authors .	Lawyers called the authors .	entailment
Young managers saw the banker .	Managers saw the banker .	entailment
Young presidents advised the lawyers .	Presidents advised the lawyers .	entailment
Helpful professors believed the secretary .	Professors believed the secretary .	entailment
Happy authors arrived .	Authors arrived .	entailment
Young presidents thanked the tourists .	Presidents thanked the tourists .	entailment
Angry lawyers ran .	Lawyers ran .	entailment
Happy professors supported the president .	Professors supported the president .	entailment
Happy secretaries slept .	Secretaries slept .	entailment
Angry professors mentioned the athlete .	Professors mentioned the athlete .	entailment
Important tourists stopped the athletes .	Tourists stopped the athletes .	entailment
Happy athletes arrived .	Athletes arrived .	entailment
Angry bankers danced .	Bankers danced .	entailment
Angry lawyers resigned .	Lawyers resigned .	entailment
Important professors shouted .	Professors shouted .	entailment
Popular doctors slept .	Doctors slept .	entailment
Famous artists recognized the doctors .	Artists recognized the doctors .	entailment
Serious artists advised the presidents .	Artists advised the presidents .	entailment
Famous managers believed the author .	Managers believed the author .	entailment
Famous professors recommended the doctors .	Professors recommended the doctors .	entailment
Happy athletes saw the actors .	Athletes saw the actors .	entailment
Young tourists called the secretary .	Tourists called the secretary .	entailment
Young presidents slept .	Presidents slept .	entailment
Important athletes thanked the senator .	Athletes thanked the senator .	entailment
Helpful authors advised the tourists .	Authors advised the tourists .	entailment
Important actors stopped the president .	Actors stopped the president .	entailment
Happy artists waited .	Artists waited .	entailment
Serious lawyers ran .	Lawyers ran .	entailment
Popular artists saw the athlete .	Artists saw the athlete .	entailment
Angry managers admired the actor .	Managers admired the actor .	entailment
Serious professors supported the secretaries .	Professors supported the secretaries .	entailment
Important doctors admired the students .	Doctors admired the students .	entailment
Young actors stopped the professor .	Actors stopped the professor .	entailment
Helpful scientists introduced the student .	Scientists introduced the student .	entailment
Helpful judges helped the actor .	Judges helped the actor .	entailment
Helpful lawyers admired the secretaries .	Lawyers admired the secretaries .	entailment
Happy artists mentioned the doctor .	Artists mentioned the doctor .	entailment
Important actors performed .	Actors performed .	entailment
Happy students recommended the banker .	Students recommended the banker .	entailment
Helpful senators shouted .	Senators shouted .	entailment
Serious bankers stopped the secretary .	Bankers stopped the secretary .	entailment
Helpful tourists encouraged the managers .	Tourists encouraged the managers .	entailment
Popular doctors danced .	Doctors danced .	entailment
Happy lawyers introduced the bankers .	Lawyers introduced the bankers .	entailment
Happy doctors shouted .	Doctors shouted .	entailment
Happy doctors advised the secretary .	Doctors advised the secretary .	entailment
Popular presidents avoided the author .	Presidents avoided the author .	entailment
Young artists ran .	Artists ran .	entailment
Angry authors called the doctors .	Authors called the doctors .	entailment
Important tourists believed the doctor .	Tourists believed the doctor .	entailment
Popular authors recommended the judges .	Authors recommended the judges .	entailment
Young tourists mentioned the manager .	Tourists mentioned the manager .	entailment
Famous artists encouraged the scientists .	Artists encouraged the scientists .	entailment
Popular managers recognized the doctor .	Managers recognized the doctor .	entailment
Angry athletes resigned .	Athletes resigned .	entailment
Famous presidents saw the professors .	Presidents saw the professors .	entailment
Serious tourists introduced the artists .	Tourists introduced the artists .	entailment
Popular managers shouted .	Managers shouted .	entailment
Angry actors introduced the doctors .	Actors introduced the doctors .	entailment
Important lawyers contacted the professors .	Lawyers contacted the professors .	entailment
Happy secretaries shouted .	Secretaries shouted .	entailment
Young students introduced the authors .	Students introduced the authors .	entailment
Angry bankers introduced the secretary .	Bankers introduced the secretary .	entailment
Young professors saw the artists .	Professors saw the artists .	entailment
Popular judges supported the managers .	Judges supported the managers .	entailment
Happy judges introduced the artists .	Judges introduced the artists .	entailment
Young secretaries introduced the athlete .	Secretaries introduced the athlete .	entailment
Young actors shouted .	Actors shouted .	entailment
Serious judges contacted the professor .	Judges contacted the professor .	entailment
Important scientists danced .	Scientists danced .	entailment
Young presidents called the manager .	Presidents called the manager .	entailment
Serious professors recognized the authors .	Professors recognized the authors .	entailment
Serious scientists stopped the authors .	Scientists stopped the authors .	entailment
Serious scientists recommended the senators .	Scientists recommended the senators .	entailment
Famous doctors contacted the authors .	Doctors contacted the authors .	entailment
Important athletes waited .	Athletes waited .	entailment
Happy judges called the authors .	Judges called the authors .	entailment
Helpful actors waited .	Actors waited .	entailment
Angry lawyers shouted .	Lawyers shouted .	entailment
Serious students saw the professor .	Students saw the professor .	entailment
Popular athletes arrived .	Athletes arrived .	entailment
Angry secretaries contacted the president .	Secretaries contacted the president .	entailment
Angry actors recommended the student .	Actors recommended the student .	entailment
Helpful authors helped the actor .	Authors helped the actor .	entailment
Happy bankers thanked the lawyers .	Bankers thanked the lawyers .	entailment
Happy authors believed the judges .	Authors believed the judges .	entailment
Happy athletes contacted the author .	Athletes contacted the author .	entailment
Popular bankers helped the authors .	Bankers helped the authors .	entailment
Angry actors contacted the secretary .	Actors contacted the secretary .	entailment
Young bankers stopped the president .	Bankers stopped the president .	entailment
Helpful senators encouraged the lawyer .	Senators encouraged the lawyer .	entailment
Helpful judges stopped the president .	Judges stopped the president .	entailment
Helpful students waited .	Students waited .	entailment
Young senators thanked the judges .	Senators thanked the judges .	entailment
Serious presidents admired the actor .	Presidents admired the actor .	entailment
Popular senators believed the judge .	Senators believed the judge .	entailment
Happy students introduced the judge .	Students introduced the judge .	entailment
Serious bankers contacted the manager .	Bankers contacted the manager .	entailment
Popular authors helped the scientist .	Authors helped the scientist .	entailment
Important authors danced .	Authors danced .	entailment
Young managers helped the professor .	Managers helped the professor .	entailment
Popular secretaries encouraged the actor .	Secretaries encouraged the actor .	entailment
Angry tourists recommended the athletes .	Tourists recommended the athletes .	entailment
Serious presidents called the senator .	Presidents called the senator .	entailment
Angry doctors avoided the senators .	Doctors avoided the senators .	entailment
Famous authors danced .	Authors danced .	entailment
Happy professors avoided the artist .	Professors avoided the artist .	entailment
Young judges ran .	Judges ran .	entailment
Happy tourists performed .	Tourists performed .	entailment
Famous professors stopped the artists .	Professors stopped the artists .	entailment
Happy authors thanked the tourists .	Authors thanked the tourists .	entailment
Important presidents saw the authors .	Presidents saw the authors .	entailment
Young professors waited .	Professors waited .	entailment
Helpful students avoided the lawyers .	Students avoided the lawyers .	entailment
Popular doctors mentioned the author .	Doctors mentioned the author .	entailment
Angry presidents contacted the artists .	Presidents contacted the artists .	entailment
Popular secretaries ran .	Secretaries ran .	entailment
Important athletes shouted .	Athletes shouted .	entailment
Angry scientists ran .	Scientists ran .	entailment
Popular tourists recognized the president .	Tourists recognized the president .	entailment
Young judges performed .	Judges performed .	entailment
Young doctors encouraged the banker .	Doctors encouraged the banker .	entailment
Young athletes encouraged the manager .	Athletes encouraged the manager .	entailment
Angry senators stopped the students .	Senators stopped the students .	entailment
Happy students mentioned the judges .	Students mentioned the judges .	entailment
Helpful athletes saw the secretary .	Athletes saw the secretary .	entailment
Popular judges supported the doctor .	Judges supported the doctor .	entailment
Important athletes supported the doctors .	Athletes supported the doctors .	entailment
Serious senators called the professor .	Senators called the professor .	entailment
Young lawyers thanked the professors .	Lawyers thanked the professors .	entailment
Important professors danced .	Professors danced .	entailment
Famous actors mentioned the artist .	Actors mentioned the artist .	entailment
Helpful managers performed .	Managers performed .	entailment
Serious doctors believed the manager .	Doctors believed the manager .	entailment
Happy secretaries stopped the scientists .	Secretaries stopped the scientists .	entailment
Serious doctors avoided the artists .	Doctors avoided the artists .	entailment
Helpful managers danced .	Managers danced .	entailment
Important judges thanked the doctor .	Judges thanked the doctor .	entailment
Helpful secretaries shouted .	Secretaries shouted .	entailment
Famous artists recognized the student .	Artists recognized the student .	entailment
Happy judges recommended the banker .	Judges recommended the banker .	entailment
Serious senators resigned .	Senators resigned .	entailment
Young tourists called the student .	Tourists called the student .	entailment
Important senators avoided the scientists .	Senators avoided the scientists .	entailment
Happy lawyers resigned .	Lawyers resigned .	entailment
Angry managers avoided the artist .	Managers avoided the artist .	entailment
Popular professors avoided the student .	Professors avoided the student .	entailment
Helpful artists recognized the professor .	Artists recognized the professor .	entailment
Serious bankers slept .	Bankers slept .	entailment
Famous scientists introduced the president .	Scientists introduced the president .	entailment
Important senators mentioned the bankers .	Senators mentioned the bankers .	entailment
Helpful doctors admired the tourists .	Doctors admired the tourists .	entailment
Angry presidents contacted the judge .	Presidents contacted the judge .	entailment
Serious presidents shouted .	Presidents shouted .	entailment
Helpful authors contacted the athletes .	Authors contacted the athletes .	entailment
Angry scientists shouted .	Scientists shouted .	entailment
Popular managers slept .	Managers slept .	entailment
Famous managers encouraged the professor .	Managers encouraged the professor .	entailment
Helpful tourists saw the secretary .	Tourists saw the secretary .	entailment
Important students stopped the athletes .	Students stopped the athletes .	entailment
Happy lawyers helped the actor .	Lawyers helped the actor .	entailment
Happy actors recommended the professor .	Actors recommended the professor .	entailment
Angry judges shouted .	Judges shouted .	entailment
Serious professors introduced the secretaries .	Professors introduced the secretaries .	entailment
Famous managers advised the scientists .	Managers advised the scientists .	entailment
Young authors saw the athlete .	Authors saw the athlete .	entailment
Popular athletes mentioned the actors .	Athletes mentioned the actors .	entailment
Helpful managers waited .	Managers waited .	entailment
Helpful students recommended the senators .	Students recommended the senators .	entailment
Serious actors slept .	Actors slept .	entailment
Important athletes stopped the tourist .	Athletes stopped the tourist .	entailment
Happy professors shouted .	Professors shouted .	entailment
Serious judges encouraged the professors .	Judges encouraged the professors .	entailment
Famous presidents danced .	Presidents danced .	entailment
Popular secretaries recommended the actor .	Secretaries recommended the actor .	entailment
Angry tourists supported the presidents .	Tourists supported the presidents .	entailment
Famous athletes performed .	Athletes performed .	entailment
Serious actors contacted the bankers .	Actors contacted the bankers .	entailment
Helpful presidents arrived .	Presidents arrived .	entailment
Angry students recommended the judge .	Students recommended the judge .	entailment
Serious lawyers recognized the author .	Lawyers recognized the author .	entailment
Important judges advised the actor .	Judges advised the actor .	entailment
Popular judges recognized the manager .	Judges recognized the manager .	entailment
Angry artists contacted the manager .	Artists contacted the manager .	entailment
Happy actors ran .	Actors ran .	entailment
Angry scientists danced .	Scientists danced .	entailment
Angry students slept .	Students slept .	entailment
Happy presidents performed .	Presidents performed .	entailment
Serious athletes ran .	Athletes ran .	entailment
Helpful presidents contacted the bankers .	Presidents contacted the bankers .	entailment
Angry athletes waited .	Athletes waited .	entailment
Serious presidents avoided the actor .	Presidents avoided the actor .	entailment
Important bankers waited .	Bankers waited .	entailment
Angry presidents introduced the artist .	Presidents introduced the artist .	entailment
Serious actors mentioned the athlete .	Actors mentioned the athlete .	entailment
Famous secretaries waited .	Secretaries waited .	entailment
Popular bankers believed the lawyer .	Bankers believed the lawyer .	entailment
Popular professors ran .	Professors ran .	entailment
Famous tourists advised the actor .	Tourists advised the actor .	entailment
Popular lawyers saw the authors .	Lawyers saw the authors .	entailment
Famous judges waited .	Judges waited .	entailment
Serious actors arrived .	Actors arrived .	entailment
Serious judges saw the scientist .	Judges saw the scientist .	entailment
Important secretaries waited .	Secretaries waited .	entailment
Young professors encouraged the author .	Professors encouraged the author .	entailment
Angry lawyers recognized the athletes .	Lawyers recognized the athletes .	entailment
Serious artists mentioned the senator .	Artists mentioned the senator .	entailment
Happy doctors resigned .	Doctors resigned .	entailment
Serious authors contacted the bankers .	Authors contacted the bankers .	entailment
Important bankers helped the judges .	Bankers helped the judges .	entailment
Young actors thanked the artist .	Actors thanked the artist .	entailment
Serious athletes introduced the secretaries .	Athletes introduced the secretaries .	entailment
Young actors resigned .	Actors resigned .	entailment
Happy presidents saw the tourist .	Presidents saw the tourist .	entailment
Happy senators mentioned the tourist .	Senators mentioned the tourist .	entailment
Angry actors performed .	Actors performed .	entailment
Serious scientists advised the senator .	Scientists advised the senator .	entailment
Popular artists shouted .	Artists shouted .	entailment
Popular tourists saw the students .	Tourists saw the students .	entailment
Famous professors called the students .	Professors called the students .	entailment
Young doctors thanked the lawyers .	Doctors thanked the lawyers .	entailment
Important students ran .	Students ran .	entailment
Angry athletes saw the presidents .	Athletes saw the presidents .	entailment
Young authors avoided the judge .	Authors avoided the judge .	entailment
Important students shouted .	Students shouted .	entailment
Angry athletes supported the judge .	Athletes supported the judge .	entailment
Popular doctors mentioned the students .	Doctors mentioned the students .	entailment
Popular students encouraged the judges .	Students encouraged the judges .	entailment
Serious athletes thanked the secretaries .	Athletes thanked the secretaries .	entailment
Serious secretaries called the scientist .	Secretaries called the scientist .	entailment
Serious athletes encouraged the lawyer .	Athletes encouraged the lawyer .	entailment
Serious bankers avoided the lawyer .	Bankers avoided the lawyer .	entailment
Serious secretaries resigned .	Secretaries resigned .	entailment
Important athletes recognized the manager .	Athletes recognized the manager .	entailment
Happy professors contacted the authors .	Professors contacted the authors .	entailment
Young athletes performed .	Athletes performed .	entailment
Happy students introduced the secretary .	Students introduced the secretary .	entailment
Helpful scientists admired the judges .	Scientists admired the judges .	entailment
Happy secretaries stopped the students .	Secretaries stopped the students .	entailment
Famous tourists contacted the doctor .	Tourists contacted the doctor .	entailment
Serious senators helped the actor .	Senators helped the actor .	entailment
Young artists admired the professor .	Artists admired the professor .	entailment
Famous artists helped the secretaries .	Artists helped the secretaries .	entailment
Famous secretaries saw the senator .	Secretaries saw the senator .	entailment
Important lawyers called the scientists .	Lawyers called the scientists .	entailment
Famous senators thanked the doctor .	Senators thanked the doctor .	entailment
Happy lawyers mentioned the actors .	Lawyers mentioned the actors .	entailment
Popular lawyers resigned .	Lawyers resigned .	entailment
Serious artists waited .	Artists waited .	entailment
Happy managers recommended the athlete .	Managers recommended the athlete .	entailment
Important athletes recommended the senator .	Athletes recommended the senator .	entailment
Important professors mentioned the author .	Professors mentioned the author .	entailment
Popular tourists ran .	Tourists ran .	entailment
Happy judges called the scientist .	Judges called the scientist .	entailment
Important bankers recommended the president .	Bankers recommended the president .	entailment
Serious tourists saw the professors .	Tourists saw the professors .	entailment
Popular judges resigned .	Judges resigned .	entailment
Serious managers admired the athletes .	Managers admired the athletes .	entailment
Important artists introduced the senator .	Artists introduced the senator .	entailment
Young doctors contacted the presidents .	Doctors contacted the presidents .	entailment
Happy secretaries called the president .	Secretaries called the president .	entailment
Famous tourists danced .	Tourists danced .	entailment
Angry secretaries resigned .	Secretaries resigned .	entailment
Angry tourists supported the scientists .	Tourists supported the scientists .	entailment
Helpful scientists mentioned the presidents .	Scientists mentioned the presidents .	entailment
Famous tourists encouraged the manager .	Tourists encouraged the manager .	entailment
Young athletes arrived .	Athletes arrived .	entailment
Serious artists recommended the secretaries .	Artists recommended the secretaries .	entailment
Popular managers admired the bankers .	Managers admired the bankers .	entailment
Young presidents contacted the scientist .	Presidents contacted the scientist .	entailment
Angry doctors encouraged the president .	Doctors encouraged the president .	entailment
Happy athletes saw the actor .	Athletes saw the actor .	entailment
Helpful scientists resigned .	Scientists resigned .	entailment
Young scientists resigned .	Scientists resigned .	entailment
Angry artists thanked the senator .	Artists thanked the senator .	entailment
Famous lawyers shouted .	Lawyers shouted .	entailment
Angry authors slept .	Authors slept .	entailment
Serious athletes advised the president .	Athletes advised the president .	entailment
Young tourists slept .	Tourists slept .	entailment
Serious lawyers resigned .	Lawyers resigned .	entailment
Happy managers admired the lawyer .	Managers admired the lawyer .	entailment
Important students thanked the author .	Students thanked the author .	entailment
Angry presidents resigned .	Presidents resigned .	entailment
Important actors introduced the scientist .	Actors introduced the scientist .	entailment
Happy authors performed .	Authors performed .	entailment
Happy professors recommended the secretaries .	Professors recommended the secretaries .	entailment
Angry doctors contacted the bankers .	Doctors contacted the bankers .	entailment
Helpful professors arrived .	Professors arrived .	entailment
Happy judges stopped the scientists .	Judges stopped the scientists .	entailment
Important students waited .	Students waited .	entailment
Happy lawyers ran .	Lawyers ran .	entailment
Famous lawyers resigned .	Lawyers resigned .	entailment
Popular authors waited .	Authors waited .	entailment
Important judges admired the student .	Judges admired the student .	entailment
Happy tourists danced .	Tourists danced .	entailment
Popular senators resigned .	Senators resigned .	entailment
Happy scientists believed the doctor .	Scientists believed the doctor .	entailment
Angry professors advised the students .	Professors advised the students .	entailment
Happy managers saw the athletes .	Managers saw the athletes .	entailment
Happy judges recognized the author .	Judges recognized the author .	entailment
Important lawyers contacted the actors .	Lawyers contacted the actors .	entailment
Popular doctors encouraged the bankers .	Doctors encouraged the bankers .	entailment
Angry scientists recommended the secretary .	Scientists recommended the secretary .	entailment
Young managers stopped the judge .	Managers stopped the judge .	entailment
Serious professors slept .	Professors slept .	entailment
Popular actors danced .	Actors danced .	entailment
Famous bankers saw the tourist .	Bankers saw the tourist .	entailment
Helpful students mentioned the lawyers .	Students mentioned the lawyers .	entailment
Happy students admired the tourist .	Students admired the tourist .	entailment
Serious professors advised the lawyers .	Professors advised the lawyers .	entailment
Serious doctors admired the scientists .	Doctors admired the scientists .	entailment
Popular secretaries slept .	Secretaries slept .	entailment
Helpful doctors arrived .	Doctors arrived .	entailment
Famous lawyers waited .	Lawyers waited .	entailment
Important secretaries believed the artists .	Secretaries believed the artists .	entailment
Happy tourists admired the secretaries .	Tourists admired the secretaries .	entailment
Serious scientists resigned .	Scientists resigned .	entailment
Happy artists contacted the senators .	Artists contacted the senators .	entailment
Angry judges stopped the athletes .	Judges stopped the athletes .	entailment
Angry senators shouted .	Senators shouted .	entailment
Serious secretaries advised the senators .	Secretaries advised the senators .	entailment
Famous lawyers introduced the scientist .	Lawyers introduced the scientist .	entailment
Angry doctors avoided the athletes .	Doctors avoided the athletes .	entailment
Helpful lawyers encouraged the athletes .	Lawyers encouraged the athletes .	entailment
Serious lawyers arrived .	Lawyers arrived .	entailment
Famous students introduced the tourists .	Students introduced the tourists .	entailment
Angry artists recommended the lawyers .	Artists recommended the lawyers .	entailment
Famous students supported the lawyers .	Students supported the lawyers .	entailment
Famous bankers admired the scientist .	Bankers admired the scientist .	entailment
Serious tourists shouted .	Tourists shouted .	entailment
Helpful professors shouted .	Professors shouted .	entailment
Important bankers arrived .	Bankers arrived .	entailment
Angry judges mentioned the tourist .	Judges mentioned the tourist .	entailment
Helpful students danced .	Students danced .	entailment
Famous doctors avoided the actor .	Doctors avoided the actor .	entailment
Famous students admired the banker .	Students admired the banker .	entailment
Angry professors introduced the actors .	Professors introduced the actors .	entailment
Happy senators mentioned the managers .	Senators mentioned the managers .	entailment
Important athletes avoided the professor .	Athletes avoided the professor .	entailment
Important tourists slept .	Tourists slept .	entailment
Important actors shouted .	Actors shouted .	entailment
Serious judges performed .	Judges performed .	entailment
Young artists recommended the managers .	Artists recommended the managers .	entailment
Important senators helped the actor .	Senators helped the actor .	entailment
Popular secretaries mentioned the presidents .	Secretaries mentioned the presidents .	entailment
Famous managers stopped the bankers .	Managers stopped the bankers .	entailment
Important presidents performed .	Presidents performed .	entailment
Young students avoided the doctors .	Students avoided the doctors .	entailment
Happy actors helped the managers .	Actors helped the managers .	entailment
Popular judges thanked the manager .	Judges thanked the manager .	entailment
Serious professors recognized the doctors .	Professors recognized the doctors .	entailment
Angry doctors mentioned the author .	Doctors mentioned the author .	entailment
Popular students admired the secretary .	Students admired the secretary .	entailment
Important professors waited .	Professors waited .	entailment
Happy senators stopped the professor .	Senators stopped the professor .	entailment
Young students recognized the athletes .	Students recognized the athletes .	entailment
Helpful secretaries thanked the professor .	Secretaries thanked the professor .	entailment
Popular judges called the artist .	Judges called the artist .	entailment
Serious managers avoided the doctors .	Managers avoided the doctors .	entailment
Serious judges supported the senators .	Judges supported the senators .	entailment
Popular presidents mentioned the scientists .	Presidents mentioned the scientists .	entailment
Angry lawyers believed the presidents .	Lawyers believed the presidents .	entailment
Famous students recommended the athletes .	Students recommended the athletes .	entailment
Happy managers introduced the athletes .	Managers introduced the athletes .	entailment
Young students recognized the doctors .	Students recognized the doctors .	entailment
Helpful scientists supported the judge .	Scientists supported the judge .	entailment
Angry judges admired the scientists .	Judges admired the scientists .	entailment
Serious presidents supported the actor .	Presidents supported the actor .	entailment
Popular athletes believed the author .	Athletes believed the author .	entailment
Young managers shouted .	Managers shouted .	entailment
Happy presidents admired the judges .	Presidents admired the judges .	entailment
Angry bankers supported the athlete .	Bankers supported the athlete .	entailment
Young tourists helped the bankers .	Tourists helped the bankers .	entailment
Important artists believed the actor .	Artists believed the actor .	entailment
Young professors recognized the artist .	Professors recognized the artist .	entailment
Popular authors supported the athlete .	Authors supported the athlete .	entailment
Helpful actors arrived .	Actors arrived .	entailment
Helpful presidents supported the lawyer .	Presidents supported the lawyer .	entailment
Serious lawyers waited .	Lawyers waited .	entailment
Important tourists ran .	Tourists ran .	entailment
Popular senators recommended the lawyers .	Senators recommended the lawyers .	entailment
Angry doctors helped the banker .	Doctors helped the banker .	entailment
Young doctors avoided the actor .	Doctors avoided the actor .	entailment
Young professors supported the athletes .	Professors supported the athletes .	entailment
Important bankers contacted the secretary .	Bankers contacted the secretary .	entailment
Important students arrived .	Students arrived .	entailment
Happy students resigned .	Students resigned .	entailment
Helpful scientists admired the athlete .	Scientists admired the athlete .	entailment
Angry secretaries admired the professor .	Secretaries admired the professor .	entailment
Popular students saw the tourists .	Students saw the tourists .	entailment
Important athletes encouraged the students .	Athletes encouraged the students .	entailment
Serious actors believed the president .	Actors believed the president .	entailment
Important athletes recognized the scientists .	Athletes recognized the scientists .	entailment
Helpful artists introduced the scientists .	Artists introduced the scientists .	entailment
Serious judges waited .	Judges waited .	entailment
Helpful athletes ran .	Athletes ran .	entailment
Popular managers ran .	Managers ran .	entailment
Famous managers contacted the judges .	Managers contacted the judges .	entailment
Helpful artists recognized the tourists .	Artists recognized the tourists .	entailment
Angry doctors stopped the actors .	Doctors stopped the actors .	entailment
Helpful actors danced .	Actors danced .	entailment
Important managers introduced the judge .	Managers introduced the judge .	entailment
Young actors recognized the president .	Actors recognized the president .	entailment
Young senators called the tourist .	Senators called the tourist .	entailment
Popular actors introduced the student .	Actors introduced the student .	entailment
Helpful lawyers admired the actors .	Lawyers admired the actors .	entailment
Important managers performed .	Managers performed .	entailment
Important tourists waited .	Tourists waited .	entailment
Happy authors called the president .	Authors called the president .	entailment
Angry artists slept .	Artists slept .	entailment
Young authors ran .	Authors ran .	entailment
Popular judges supported the secretaries .	Judges supported the secretaries .	entailment
Young managers mentioned the bankers .	Managers mentioned the bankers .	entailment
Angry bankers supported the scientist .	Bankers supported the scientist .	entailment
Young managers introduced the secretaries .	Managers introduced the secretaries .	entailment
Serious athletes waited .	Athletes waited .	entailment
Popular judges recognized the lawyers .	Judges recognized the lawyers .	entailment
Young senators mentioned the author .	Senators mentioned the author .	entailment
Young artists mentioned the tourists .	Artists mentioned the tourists .	entailment
Serious artists recognized the tourists .	Artists recognized the tourists .	entailment
Happy scientists contacted the senator .	Scientists contacted the senator .	entailment
Serious bankers believed the tourists .	Bankers believed the tourists .	entailment
Serious athletes avoided the tourists .	Athletes avoided the tourists .	entailment
Important actors recognized the athletes .	Actors recognized the athletes .	entailment
Happy managers ran .	Managers ran .	entailment
Helpful students saw the actor .	Students saw the actor .	entailment
Angry judges called the secretaries .	Judges called the secretaries .	entailment
Popular managers stopped the president .	Managers stopped the president .	entailment
Happy secretaries mentioned the president .	Secretaries mentioned the president .	entailment
Helpful bankers introduced the author .	Bankers introduced the author .	entailment
Important doctors helped the professor .	Doctors helped the professor .	entailment
Happy senators thanked the students .	Senators thanked the students .	entailment
Helpful tourists called the president .	Tourists called the president .	entailment
Helpful secretaries danced .	Secretaries danced .	entailment
Famous scientists performed .	Scientists performed .	entailment
Angry students advised the judges .	Students advised the judges .	entailment
Popular judges danced .	Judges danced .	entailment
Helpful scientists thanked the actors .	Scientists thanked the actors .	entailment
Angry secretaries ran .	Secretaries ran .	entailment
Important tourists stopped the author .	Tourists stopped the author .	entailment
Famous artists called the doctors .	Artists called the doctors .	entailment
Angry professors believed the tourists .	Professors believed the tourists .	entailment
Young professors performed .	Professors performed .	entailment
Famous doctors stopped the students .	Doctors stopped the students .	entailment
Famous bankers supported the tourists .	Bankers supported the tourists .	entailment
Popular artists introduced the athletes .	Artists introduced the athletes .	entailment
Famous senators saw the tourist .	Senators saw the tourist .	entailment
Famous actors shouted .	Actors shouted .	entailment
Helpful professors recommended the presidents .	Professors recommended the presidents .	entailment
Serious students arrived .	Students arrived .	entailment
Famous actors danced .	Actors danced .	entailment
Popular judges saw the doctors .	Judges saw the doctors .	entailment
Important authors shouted .	Authors shouted .	entailment
Popular students called the secretaries .	Students called the secretaries .	entailment
Serious scientists advised the judge .	Scientists advised the judge .	entailment
Happy managers supported the author .	Managers supported the author .	entailment
Helpful authors avoided the athletes .	Authors avoided the athletes .	entailment
Popular bankers introduced the scientists .	Bankers introduced the scientists .	entailment
Important professors contacted the athletes .	Professors contacted the athletes .	entailment
Famous actors avoided the banker .	Actors avoided the banker .	entailment
Popular scientists performed .	Scientists performed .	entailment
Happy managers recommended the tourists .	Managers recommended the tourists .	entailment
Young doctors waited .	Doctors waited .	entailment
Young actors performed .	Actors performed .	entailment
Serious scientists ran .	Scientists ran .	entailment
Famous tourists waited .	Tourists waited .	entailment
Serious professors performed .	Professors performed .	entailment
Helpful judges saw the actor .	Judges saw the actor .	entailment
Young managers supported the artists .	Managers supported the artists .	entailment
Important students supported the athletes .	Students supported the athletes .	entailment
Popular bankers performed .	Bankers performed .	entailment
Helpful lawyers stopped the presidents .	Lawyers stopped the presidents .	entailment
Popular scientists resigned .	Scientists resigned .	entailment
Angry authors believed the doctor .	Authors believed the doctor .	entailment
Famous bankers waited .	Bankers waited .	entailment
Famous senators slept .	Senators slept .	entailment
Popular tourists shouted .	Tourists shouted .	entailment
Famous managers stopped the secretary .	Managers stopped the secretary .	entailment
Helpful secretaries mentioned the doctors .	Secretaries mentioned the doctors .	entailment
Serious secretaries danced .	Secretaries danced .	entailment
Helpful authors admired the doctor .	Authors admired the doctor .	entailment
Popular senators recommended the athletes .	Senators recommended the athletes .	entailment
Happy lawyers advised the actor .	Lawyers advised the actor .	entailment
Important tourists encouraged the scientists .	Tourists encouraged the scientists .	entailment
Helpful bankers ran .	Bankers ran .	entailment
Popular bankers waited .	Bankers waited .	entailment
Popular authors called the professor .	Authors called the professor .	entailment
Happy actors shouted .	Actors shouted .	entailment
Young senators encouraged the artists .	Senators encouraged the artists .	entailment
Angry senators encouraged the tourist .	Senators encouraged the tourist .	entailment
Serious scientists mentioned the president .	Scientists mentioned the president .	entailment
Serious presidents supported the professor .	Presidents supported the professor .	entailment
Young managers stopped the professors .	Managers stopped the professors .	entailment
Helpful professors thanked the senators .	Professors thanked the senators .	entailment
Helpful judges admired the senators .	Judges admired the senators .	entailment
Happy presidents ran .	Presidents ran .	entailment
Serious doctors resigned .	Doctors resigned .	entailment
Popular authors mentioned the president .	Authors mentioned the president .	entailment
Angry professors thanked the president .	Professors thanked the president .	entailment
Happy doctors arrived .	Doctors arrived .	entailment
Famous artists called the secretary .	Artists called the secretary .	entailment
Popular presidents mentioned the athletes .	Presidents mentioned the athletes .	entailment
Famous scientists called the senator .	Scientists called the senator .	entailment
Happy actors danced .	Actors danced .	entailment
Important athletes arrived .	Athletes arrived .	entailment
Angry judges stopped the bankers .	Judges stopped the bankers .	entailment
Happy tourists believed the student .	Tourists believed the student .	entailment
The presidents paid the scientists .	The presidents paid .	entailment
The authors ate the rice .	The authors ate .	entailment
The presidents wrote the poem .	The presidents wrote .	entailment
The president paid the athlete .	The president paid .	entailment
The president read the column .	The president read .	entailment
The scientists left the country .	The scientists left .	entailment
The scientists read the poem .	The scientists read .	entailment
The doctor explored the region .	The doctor explored .	entailment
The author read the column .	The author read .	entailment
The scientists wrote the book .	The scientists wrote .	entailment
The actors won the race .	The actors won .	entailment
The bankers explored the country .	The bankers explored .	entailment
The president paid the senators .	The president paid .	entailment
The doctors won the race .	The doctors won .	entailment
The doctors explored the island .	The doctors explored .	entailment
The scientist wrote the novel .	The scientist wrote .	entailment
The lawyer paid the athletes .	The lawyer paid .	entailment
The banker read the play .	The banker read .	entailment
The doctor read the column .	The doctor read .	entailment
The judge read the story .	The judge read .	entailment
The bankers won the race .	The bankers won .	entailment
The lawyer paid the tourists .	The lawyer paid .	entailment
The presidents ate the salad .	The presidents ate .	entailment
The scientist read the book .	The scientist read .	entailment
The managers left the forest .	The managers left .	entailment
The president left the town .	The president left .	entailment
The doctors won the election .	The doctors won .	entailment
The athlete explored the forest .	The athlete explored .	entailment
The senators left the country .	The senators left .	entailment
The scientist read the report .	The scientist read .	entailment
The judge left the neighborhood .	The judge left .	entailment
The president ate the salad .	The president ate .	entailment
The professors read the book .	The professors read .	entailment
The lawyer left the town .	The lawyer left .	entailment
The lawyer paid the scientists .	The lawyer paid .	entailment
The actors read the story .	The actors read .	entailment
The actor read the letter .	The actor read .	entailment
The doctors paid the student .	The doctors paid .	entailment
The doctors left the valley .	The doctors left .	entailment
The managers explored the country .	The managers explored .	entailment
The manager wrote the column .	The manager wrote .	entailment
The scientist explored the island .	The scientist explored .	entailment
The tourist read the column .	The tourist read .	entailment
The authors explored the forest .	The authors explored .	entailment
The student wrote the play .	The student wrote .	entailment
The bankers left the forest .	The bankers left .	entailment
The professors wrote the play .	The professors wrote .	entailment
The doctor wrote the play .	The doctor wrote .	entailment
The manager paid the scientist .	The manager paid .	entailment
The doctors won the battle .	The doctors won .	entailment
The artist won the prize .	The artist won .	entailment
The doctors ate the sandwich .	The doctors ate .	entailment
The doctor left the museum .	The doctor left .	entailment
The senator left the country .	The senator left .	entailment
The secretaries left the desert .	The secretaries left .	entailment
The actor paid the lawyers .	The actor paid .	entailment
The president wrote the report .	The president wrote .	entailment
The lawyer explored the garden .	The lawyer explored .	entailment
The lawyers left the desert .	The lawyers left .	entailment
The senators wrote the speech .	The senators wrote .	entailment
The banker ate the sandwich .	The banker ate .	entailment
The author ate the fruit .	The author ate .	entailment
The presidents won the election .	The presidents won .	entailment
The judge left the desert .	The judge left .	entailment
The actors paid the lawyer .	The actors paid .	entailment
The senator left the desert .	The senator left .	entailment
The bankers read the book .	The bankers read .	entailment
The secretaries read the story .	The secretaries read .	entailment
The students read the book .	The students read .	entailment
The judge left the region .	The judge left .	entailment
The athletes won the tournament .	The athletes won .	entailment
The tourist wrote the book .	The tourist wrote .	entailment
The tourist left the valley .	The tourist left .	entailment
The doctor explored the valley .	The doctor explored .	entailment
The banker won the election .	The banker won .	entailment
The tourists wrote the poem .	The tourists wrote .	entailment
The professors paid the artists .	The professors paid .	entailment
The artist left the forest .	The artist left .	entailment
The tourists paid the artist .	The tourists paid .	entailment
The judge explored the neighborhood .	The judge explored .	entailment
The author ate the rice .	The author ate .	entailment
The lawyer won the tournament .	The lawyer won .	entailment
The senators paid the managers .	The senators paid .	entailment
The secretary ate the corn .	The secretary ate .	entailment
The lawyers wrote the book .	The lawyers wrote .	entailment
The lawyer wrote the report .	The lawyer wrote .	entailment
The managers ate the salad .	The managers ate .	entailment
The tourist paid the banker .	The tourist paid .	entailment
The presidents won the award .	The presidents won .	entailment
The students explored the town .	The students explored .	entailment
The judges paid the students .	The judges paid .	entailment
The doctors wrote the novel .	The doctors wrote .	entailment
The tourist explored the museum .	The tourist explored .	entailment
The students read the poem .	The students read .	entailment
The banker wrote the letter .	The banker wrote .	entailment
The managers ate the rice .	The managers ate .	entailment
The senator read the column .	The senator read .	entailment
The authors left the town .	The authors left .	entailment
The secretary explored the desert .	The secretary explored .	entailment
The banker explored the town .	The banker explored .	entailment
The artist wrote the play .	The artist wrote .	entailment
The actor explored the desert .	The actor explored .	entailment
The professor paid the secretary .	The professor paid .	entailment
The artist read the book .	The artist read .	entailment
The students explored the neighborhood .	The students explored .	entailment
The actor ate the corn .	The actor ate .	entailment
The lawyer paid the artist .	The lawyer paid .	entailment
The professors read the story .	The professors read .	entailment
The secretaries left the forest .	The secretaries left .	entailment
The tourist paid the artists .	The tourist paid .	entailment
The bankers wrote the speech .	The bankers wrote .	entailment
The doctor ate the rice .	The doctor ate .	entailment
The athletes left the region .	The athletes left .	entailment
The athlete ate the salad .	The athlete ate .	entailment
The president explored the region .	The president explored .	entailment
The secretaries won the contest .	The secretaries won .	entailment
The artists wrote the play .	The artists wrote .	entailment
The judges read the column .	The judges read .	entailment
The presidents wrote the novel .	The presidents wrote .	entailment
The senators paid the students .	The senators paid .	entailment
The tourists read the report .	The tourists read .	entailment
The lawyer wrote the letter .	The lawyer wrote .	entailment
The banker read the report .	The banker read .	entailment
The tourist explored the desert .	The tourist explored .	entailment
The authors paid the artists .	The authors paid .	entailment
The bankers ate the corn .	The bankers ate .	entailment
The students won the race .	The students won .	entailment
The banker read the letter .	The banker read .	entailment
The student left the region .	The student left .	entailment
The judges ate the broccoli .	The judges ate .	entailment
The scientist won the award .	The scientist won .	entailment
The manager wrote the speech .	The manager wrote .	entailment
The senator left the town .	The senator left .	entailment
The professor read the report .	The professor read .	entailment
The scientist paid the lawyers .	The scientist paid .	entailment
The senator read the novel .	The senator read .	entailment
The athletes left the island .	The athletes left .	entailment
The presidents wrote the book .	The presidents wrote .	entailment
The athletes explored the garden .	The athletes explored .	entailment
The author wrote the report .	The author wrote .	entailment
The managers left the museum .	The managers left .	entailment
The doctor explored the town .	The doctor explored .	entailment
The bankers paid the students .	The bankers paid .	entailment
The presidents explored the garden .	The presidents explored .	entailment
The secretary ate the rice .	The secretary ate .	entailment
The tourist read the story .	The tourist read .	entailment
The student read the letter .	The student read .	entailment
The bankers explored the region .	The bankers explored .	entailment
The manager explored the forest .	The manager explored .	entailment
The senators wrote the report .	The senators wrote .	entailment
The lawyers ate the fruit .	The lawyers ate .	entailment
The doctor read the book .	The doctor read .	entailment
The lawyers wrote the poem .	The lawyers wrote .	entailment
The professors left the garden .	The professors left .	entailment
The senators left the forest .	The senators left .	entailment
The lawyer paid the professors .	The lawyer paid .	entailment
The author read the book .	The author read .	entailment
The tourist paid the president .	The tourist paid .	entailment
The professor paid the presidents .	The professor paid .	entailment
The managers paid the banker .	The managers paid .	entailment
The athlete wrote the speech .	The athlete wrote .	entailment
The presidents won the contest .	The presidents won .	entailment
The scientists explored the valley .	The scientists explored .	entailment
The doctor left the town .	The doctor left .	entailment
The artist wrote the report .	The artist wrote .	entailment
The athletes read the poem .	The athletes read .	entailment
The banker wrote the novel .	The banker wrote .	entailment
The secretary wrote the book .	The secretary wrote .	entailment
The actors ate the fruit .	The actors ate .	entailment
The judges explored the garden .	The judges explored .	entailment
The tourist read the poem .	The tourist read .	entailment
The senators explored the museum .	The senators explored .	entailment
The author read the novel .	The author read .	entailment
The secretary read the poem .	The secretary read .	entailment
The professor wrote the story .	The professor wrote .	entailment
The doctors wrote the poem .	The doctors wrote .	entailment
The secretaries won the battle .	The secretaries won .	entailment
The lawyer won the contest .	The lawyer won .	entailment
The lawyers ate the ice cream .	The lawyers ate .	entailment
The tourist explored the region .	The tourist explored .	entailment
The doctors explored the museum .	The doctors explored .	entailment
The lawyer explored the island .	The lawyer explored .	entailment
The professors won the battle .	The professors won .	entailment
The lawyers explored the museum .	The lawyers explored .	entailment
The banker left the valley .	The banker left .	entailment
The senator explored the country .	The senator explored .	entailment
The actors won the competition .	The actors won .	entailment
The doctor left the valley .	The doctor left .	entailment
The student paid the author .	The student paid .	entailment
The athletes explored the region .	The athletes explored .	entailment
The presidents left the desert .	The presidents left .	entailment
The doctor ate the fruit .	The doctor ate .	entailment
The lawyers ate the broccoli .	The lawyers ate .	entailment
The banker ate the rice .	The banker ate .	entailment
The lawyer explored the country .	The lawyer explored .	entailment
The author left the museum .	The author left .	entailment
The secretaries wrote the speech .	The secretaries wrote .	entailment
The artist paid the scientist .	The artist paid .	entailment
The actor wrote the book .	The actor wrote .	entailment
The author explored the country .	The author explored .	entailment
The doctors left the town .	The doctors left .	entailment
The artists wrote the speech .	The artists wrote .	entailment
The scientists wrote the column .	The scientists wrote .	entailment
The author wrote the speech .	The author wrote .	entailment
The author won the competition .	The author won .	entailment
The secretary explored the garden .	The secretary explored .	entailment
The doctor read the speech .	The doctor read .	entailment
The student left the garden .	The student left .	entailment
The senator ate the broccoli .	The senator ate .	entailment
The author won the war .	The author won .	entailment
The judge explored the garden .	The judge explored .	entailment
The professor won the contest .	The professor won .	entailment
The doctors read the column .	The doctors read .	entailment
The artists paid the actors .	The artists paid .	entailment
The tourists read the story .	The tourists read .	entailment
The secretaries left the town .	The secretaries left .	entailment
The senators wrote the poem .	The senators wrote .	entailment
The professors ate the fruit .	The professors ate .	entailment
The secretary paid the athlete .	The secretary paid .	entailment
The professors wrote the story .	The professors wrote .	entailment
The doctor wrote the letter .	The doctor wrote .	entailment
The doctor paid the managers .	The doctor paid .	entailment
The artist explored the museum .	The artist explored .	entailment
The athlete wrote the book .	The athlete wrote .	entailment
The author read the play .	The author read .	entailment
The professor won the award .	The professor won .	entailment
The author explored the town .	The author explored .	entailment
The judges read the play .	The judges read .	entailment
The senators explored the garden .	The senators explored .	entailment
The banker ate the salad .	The banker ate .	entailment
The author explored the region .	The author explored .	entailment
The secretaries wrote the story .	The secretaries wrote .	entailment
The secretary won the election .	The secretary won .	entailment
The scientists ate the sandwich .	The scientists ate .	entailment
The judges paid the senators .	The judges paid .	entailment
The managers paid the senator .	The managers paid .	entailment
The tourist explored the forest .	The tourist explored .	entailment
The judge wrote the poem .	The judge wrote .	entailment
The scientists won the contest .	The scientists won .	entailment
The senators paid the authors .	The senators paid .	entailment
The scientist paid the actors .	The scientist paid .	entailment
The managers left the town .	The managers left .	entailment
The professor explored the country .	The professor explored .	entailment
The lawyer paid the athlete .	The lawyer paid .	entailment
The artists left the neighborhood .	The artists left .	entailment
The tourists won the election .	The tourists won .	entailment
The tourists explored the region .	The tourists explored .	entailment
The manager paid the athletes .	The manager paid .	entailment
The senators left the valley .	The senators left .	entailment
The banker explored the region .	The banker explored .	entailment
The lawyers wrote the novel .	The lawyers wrote .	entailment
The secretary explored the town .	The secretary explored .	entailment
The artists paid the bankers .	The artists paid .	entailment
The author won the tournament .	The author won .	entailment
The scientist left the garden .	The scientist left .	entailment
The tourist paid the managers .	The tourist paid .	entailment
The actor left the desert .	The actor left .	entailment
The author left the country .	The author left .	entailment
The athlete wrote the poem .	The athlete wrote .	entailment
The scientist wrote the column .	The scientist wrote .	entailment
The actor wrote the poem .	The actor wrote .	entailment
The senators read the novel .	The senators read .	entailment
The doctor read the novel .	The doctor read .	entailment
The scientist ate the ice cream .	The scientist ate .	entailment
The lawyer read the report .	The lawyer read .	entailment
The president paid the tourists .	The president paid .	entailment
The secretary won the prize .	The secretary won .	entailment
The artist left the valley .	The artist left .	entailment
The artists read the letter .	The artists read .	entailment
The doctors explored the valley .	The doctors explored .	entailment
The lawyer left the island .	The lawyer left .	entailment
The president won the battle .	The president won .	entailment
The scientists explored the desert .	The scientists explored .	entailment
The senator read the play .	The senator read .	entailment
The senators read the play .	The senators read .	entailment
The judges read the report .	The judges read .	entailment
The scientist left the country .	The scientist left .	entailment
The lawyers explored the town .	The lawyers explored .	entailment
The secretary read the play .	The secretary read .	entailment
The tourists won the prize .	The tourists won .	entailment
The senators left the town .	The senators left .	entailment
The banker left the island .	The banker left .	entailment
The tourist won the race .	The tourist won .	entailment
The doctors read the story .	The doctors read .	entailment
The bankers won the competition .	The bankers won .	entailment
The scientist paid the actor .	The scientist paid .	entailment
The tourists ate the sandwich .	The tourists ate .	entailment
The artist wrote the book .	The artist wrote .	entailment
The actors wrote the story .	The actors wrote .	entailment
The senators explored the town .	The senators explored .	entailment
The students paid the artists .	The students paid .	entailment
The scientists ate the rice .	The scientists ate .	entailment
The secretaries paid the artists .	The secretaries paid .	entailment
The students explored the island .	The students explored .	entailment
The lawyer left the garden .	The lawyer left .	entailment
The authors paid the senator .	The authors paid .	entailment
The bankers won the battle .	The bankers won .	entailment
The lawyers left the town .	The lawyers left .	entailment
The doctors paid the athlete .	The doctors paid .	entailment
The authors ate the broccoli .	The authors ate .	entailment
The author left the garden .	The author left .	entailment
The senator paid the managers .	The senator paid .	entailment
The professor paid the bankers .	The professor paid .	entailment
The actor left the valley .	The actor left .	entailment
The actor read the poem .	The actor read .	entailment
The actor wrote the column .	The actor wrote .	entailment
The manager paid the actors .	The manager paid .	entailment
The scientist ate the broccoli .	The scientist ate .	entailment
The actor explored the country .	The actor explored .	entailment
The lawyer left the desert .	The lawyer left .	entailment
The secretary left the forest .	The secretary left .	entailment
The actors left the island .	The actors left .	entailment
The doctor wrote the speech .	The doctor wrote .	entailment
The actors paid the doctors .	The actors paid .	entailment
The professors wrote the report .	The professors wrote .	entailment
The tourists left the desert .	The tourists left .	entailment
The managers wrote the poem .	The managers wrote .	entailment
The doctors left the forest .	The doctors left .	entailment
The manager ate the rice .	The manager ate .	entailment
The authors paid the president .	The authors paid .	entailment
The lawyers explored the country .	The lawyers explored .	entailment
The student read the novel .	The student read .	entailment
The scientist wrote the report .	The scientist wrote .	entailment
The secretaries ate the salad .	The secretaries ate .	entailment
The president left the desert .	The president left .	entailment
The actors ate the corn .	The actors ate .	entailment
The lawyer read the poem .	The lawyer read .	entailment
The lawyers read the story .	The lawyers read .	entailment
The doctors wrote the play .	The doctors wrote .	entailment
The student ate the corn .	The student ate .	entailment
The managers read the story .	The managers read .	entailment
The authors left the garden .	The authors left .	entailment
The bankers won the contest .	The bankers won .	entailment
The senator left the valley .	The senator left .	entailment
The athlete paid the lawyer .	The athlete paid .	entailment
The senator explored the island .	The senator explored .	entailment
The manager explored the island .	The manager explored .	entailment
The authors read the letter .	The authors read .	entailment
The tourists wrote the column .	The tourists wrote .	entailment
The judges wrote the speech .	The judges wrote .	entailment
The senator explored the valley .	The senator explored .	entailment
The author left the island .	The author left .	entailment
The professor left the forest .	The professor left .	entailment
The doctors left the country .	The doctors left .	entailment
The professors won the competition .	The professors won .	entailment
The scientists won the prize .	The scientists won .	entailment
The secretary paid the actors .	The secretary paid .	entailment
The secretary wrote the novel .	The secretary wrote .	entailment
The presidents paid the artists .	The presidents paid .	entailment
The students won the battle .	The students won .	entailment
The athletes left the neighborhood .	The athletes left .	entailment
The banker paid the judge .	The banker paid .	entailment
The judge ate the sandwich .	The judge ate .	entailment
The doctors ate the corn .	The doctors ate .	entailment
The judges paid the managers .	The judges paid .	entailment
The doctor ate the broccoli .	The doctor ate .	entailment
The tourists ate the corn .	The tourists ate .	entailment
The secretary paid the author .	The secretary paid .	entailment
The senator paid the athletes .	The senator paid .	entailment
The scientist explored the town .	The scientist explored .	entailment
The manager read the book .	The manager read .	entailment
The scientist won the election .	The scientist won .	entailment
The judge read the column .	The judge read .	entailment
The actor paid the lawyer .	The actor paid .	entailment
The artist left the country .	The artist left .	entailment
The judge explored the desert .	The judge explored .	entailment
The doctors read the speech .	The doctors read .	entailment
The senators explored the region .	The senators explored .	entailment
The tourists wrote the speech .	The tourists wrote .	entailment
The professors left the region .	The professors left .	entailment
The manager wrote the poem .	The manager wrote .	entailment
The athlete paid the students .	The athlete paid .	entailment
The banker explored the neighborhood .	The banker explored .	entailment
The presidents read the report .	The presidents read .	entailment
The bankers left the museum .	The bankers left .	entailment
The professor explored the garden .	The professor explored .	entailment
The authors read the story .	The authors read .	entailment
The senators left the neighborhood .	The senators left .	entailment
The secretaries wrote the poem .	The secretaries wrote .	entailment
The doctor read the report .	The doctor read .	entailment
The authors paid the lawyers .	The authors paid .	entailment
The secretary paid the artists .	The secretary paid .	entailment
The tourist ate the ice cream .	The tourist ate .	entailment
The tourists read the column .	The tourists read .	entailment
The banker paid the senator .	The banker paid .	entailment
The student read the story .	The student read .	entailment
The student paid the actor .	The student paid .	entailment
The authors left the forest .	The authors left .	entailment
The secretaries left the country .	The secretaries left .	entailment
The actors left the forest .	The actors left .	entailment
The athletes read the play .	The athletes read .	entailment
The artists read the book .	The artists read .	entailment
The presidents ate the corn .	The presidents ate .	entailment
The senators read the letter .	The senators read .	entailment
The scientists paid the athletes .	The scientists paid .	entailment
The athlete left the valley .	The athlete left .	entailment
The professor ate the ice cream .	The professor ate .	entailment
The athlete wrote the play .	The athlete wrote .	entailment
The athletes won the prize .	The athletes won .	entailment
The doctor paid the banker .	The doctor paid .	entailment
The lawyers read the poem .	The lawyers read .	entailment
The artist left the garden .	The artist left .	entailment
The athlete explored the region .	The athlete explored .	entailment
The students explored the forest .	The students explored .	entailment
The professors read the letter .	The professors read .	entailment
The authors paid the scientists .	The authors paid .	entailment
The doctor explored the country .	The doctor explored .	entailment
The managers ate the ice cream .	The managers ate .	entailment
The doctors wrote the speech .	The doctors wrote .	entailment
The secretary paid the bankers .	The secretary paid .	entailment
The president left the region .	The president left .	entailment
The professors left the country .	The professors left .	entailment
The authors read the book .	The authors read .	entailment
The lawyers left the island .	The lawyers left .	entailment
The manager ate the fruit .	The manager ate .	entailment
The secretary wrote the poem .	The secretary wrote .	entailment
The secretaries explored the town .	The secretaries explored .	entailment
The professor wrote the novel .	The professor wrote .	entailment
The authors left the country .	The authors left .	entailment
The artists wrote the story .	The artists wrote .	entailment
The artists won the tournament .	The artists won .	entailment
The presidents left the region .	The presidents left .	entailment
The author read the letter .	The author read .	entailment
The president explored the town .	The president explored .	entailment
The bankers wrote the book .	The bankers wrote .	entailment
The secretaries paid the students .	The secretaries paid .	entailment
The student won the war .	The student won .	entailment
The lawyers wrote the letter .	The lawyers wrote .	entailment
The author read the story .	The author read .	entailment
The actor paid the doctor .	The actor paid .	entailment
The tourists paid the professor .	The tourists paid .	entailment
The judges explored the neighborhood .	The judges explored .	entailment
The judges paid the artists .	The judges paid .	entailment
The lawyer wrote the play .	The lawyer wrote .	entailment
The professors ate the rice .	The professors ate .	entailment
The manager read the speech .	The manager read .	entailment
The presidents explored the town .	The presidents explored .	entailment
The judges wrote the novel .	The judges wrote .	entailment
The scientist left the town .	The scientist left .	entailment
The tourist won the contest .	The tourist won .	entailment
The tourist left the museum .	The tourist left .	entailment
The scientist explored the valley .	The scientist explored .	entailment
The actor paid the banker .	The actor paid .	entailment
The artist wrote the story .	The artist wrote .	entailment
The actor read the column .	The actor read .	entailment
The scientists wrote the report .	The scientists wrote .	entailment
The professor won the race .	The professor won .	entailment
The author paid the lawyer .	The author paid .	entailment
The artists won the race .	The artists won .	entailment
The tourists ate the salad .	The tourists ate .	entailment
The student left the country .	The student left .	entailment
The senator paid the professor .	The senator paid .	entailment
The manager paid the author .	The manager paid .	entailment
The students ate the ice cream .	The students ate .	entailment
The manager paid the professors .	The manager paid .	entailment
The actor paid the managers .	The actor paid .	entailment
The bankers won the prize .	The bankers won .	entailment
The artists paid the banker .	The artists paid .	entailment
The bankers read the story .	The bankers read .	entailment
The senators paid the athletes .	The senators paid .	entailment
The judges wrote the play .	The judges wrote .	entailment
The manager explored the museum .	The manager explored .	entailment
The athletes ate the fruit .	The athletes ate .	entailment
The students paid the athletes .	The students paid .	entailment
The manager paid the athlete .	The manager paid .	entailment
The presidents read the poem .	The presidents read .	entailment
The actors read the poem .	The actors read .	entailment
The actors read the novel .	The actors read .	entailment
The bankers paid the managers .	The bankers paid .	entailment
The lawyer left the valley .	The lawyer left .	entailment
The athletes read the letter .	The athletes read .	entailment
The scientist won the prize .	The scientist won .	entailment
The actors won the contest .	The actors won .	entailment
The judge explored the valley .	The judge explored .	entailment
The doctors left the museum .	The doctors left .	entailment
The athletes won the war .	The athletes won .	entailment
The manager read the report .	The manager read .	entailment
The scientists paid the professor .	The scientists paid .	entailment
The doctor left the desert .	The doctor left .	entailment
The actor won the competition .	The actor won .	entailment
The tourists wrote the report .	The tourists wrote .	entailment
The banker ate the ice cream .	The banker ate .	entailment
The athletes left the forest .	The athletes left .	entailment
The actors explored the town .	The actors explored .	entailment
The student wrote the column .	The student wrote .	entailment
The artists won the competition .	The artists won .	entailment
The scientist wrote the book .	The scientist wrote .	entailment
The professor read the speech .	The professor read .	entailment
The doctors ate the broccoli .	The doctors ate .	entailment
The actors paid the senator .	The actors paid .	entailment
The lawyer wrote the novel .	The lawyer wrote .	entailment
The judge ate the ice cream .	The judge ate .	entailment
The professors paid the president .	The professors paid .	entailment
The presidents won the war .	The presidents won .	entailment
The students ate the sandwich .	The students ate .	entailment
The actors explored the forest .	The actors explored .	entailment
The professor paid the secretaries .	The professor paid .	entailment
The secretary explored the forest .	The secretary explored .	entailment
The senators wrote the letter .	The senators wrote .	entailment
The secretaries won the competition .	The secretaries won .	entailment
The secretaries explored the region .	The secretaries explored .	entailment
The presidents left the island .	The presidents left .	entailment
The secretaries left the region .	The secretaries left .	entailment
The senators paid the actor .	The senators paid .	entailment
The artist left the town .	The artist left .	entailment
The secretary left the garden .	The secretary left .	entailment
The senator paid the actors .	The senator paid .	entailment
The secretaries explored the valley .	The secretaries explored .	entailment
The secretaries ate the sandwich .	The secretaries ate .	entailment
The actor wrote the play .	The actor wrote .	entailment
The professors wrote the poem .	The professors wrote .	entailment
The managers paid the artists .	The managers paid .	entailment
The bankers left the neighborhood .	The bankers left .	entailment
The doctor paid the professors .	The doctor paid .	entailment
The secretary paid the judges .	The secretary paid .	entailment
The senator explored the garden .	The senator explored .	entailment
The manager paid the doctor .	The manager paid .	entailment
The scientist read the novel .	The scientist read .	entailment
The scientists left the neighborhood .	The scientists left .	entailment
The authors won the contest .	The authors won .	entailment
The actor ate the sandwich .	The actor ate .	entailment
The manager won the prize .	The manager won .	entailment
The secretaries read the book .	The secretaries read .	entailment
The actors ate the salad .	The actors ate .	entailment
The professors explored the region .	The professors explored .	entailment
The scientists read the story .	The scientists read .	entailment
The actor won the prize .	The actor won .	entailment
The judge explored the island .	The judge explored .	entailment
The professor left the town .	The professor left .	entailment
The student ate the broccoli .	The student ate .	entailment
The presidents left the town .	The presidents left .	entailment
The authors wrote the report .	The authors wrote .	entailment
The manager paid the authors .	The manager paid .	entailment
The scientists explored the museum .	The scientists explored .	entailment
The athletes paid the managers .	The athletes paid .	entailment
The students won the competition .	The students won .	entailment
The president read the book .	The president read .	entailment
The lawyer left the region .	The lawyer left .	entailment
The senators explored the neighborhood .	The senators explored .	entailment
The president wrote the speech .	The president wrote .	entailment
The student ate the salad .	The student ate .	entailment
The lawyers ate the corn .	The lawyers ate .	entailment
The student paid the secretary .	The student paid .	entailment
The senator read the story .	The senator read .	entailment
The scientists explored the town .	The scientists explored .	entailment
The lawyers read the play .	The lawyers read .	entailment
The doctors paid the banker .	The doctors paid .	entailment
The tourists won the tournament .	The tourists won .	entailment
The president paid the scientists .	The president paid .	entailment
The student paid the doctors .	The student paid .	entailment
The president read the story .	The president read .	entailment
The authors wrote the speech .	The authors wrote .	entailment
The lawyers ate the rice .	The lawyers ate .	entailment
The banker explored the island .	The banker explored .	entailment
The student left the island .	The student left .	entailment
The secretary paid the manager .	The secretary paid .	entailment
The students ate the fruit .	The students ate .	entailment
The banker paid the doctor .	The banker paid .	entailment
The doctors paid the artist .	The doctors paid .	entailment
The secretaries paid the scientist .	The secretaries paid .	entailment
The student explored the region .	The student explored .	entailment
The judge explored the museum .	The judge explored .	entailment
The tourists won the race .	The tourists won .	entailment
The actors won the tournament .	The actors won .	entailment
The author won the award .	The author won .	entailment
The bankers read the speech .	The bankers read .	entailment
The president read the report .	The president read .	entailment
The artist paid the tourist .	The artist paid .	entailment
The student ate the fruit .	The student ate .	entailment
The actors left the region .	The actors left .	entailment
The tourist wrote the story .	The tourist wrote .	entailment
The senators wrote the story .	The senators wrote .	entailment
The manager paid the secretaries .	The manager paid .	entailment
The athlete explored the museum .	The athlete explored .	entailment
The professor wrote the poem .	The professor wrote .	entailment
The student paid the artist .	The student paid .	entailment
The manager read the novel .	The manager read .	entailment
The president paid the secretaries .	The president paid .	entailment
The lawyers won the war .	The lawyers won .	entailment
The doctors left the neighborhood .	The doctors left .	entailment
The managers explored the neighborhood .	The managers explored .	entailment
The actors read the book .	The actors read .	entailment
The managers wrote the book .	The managers wrote .	entailment
The manager wrote the letter .	The manager wrote .	entailment
The presidents ate the sandwich .	The presidents ate .	entailment
The scientists won the competition .	The scientists won .	entailment
The bankers read the report .	The bankers read .	entailment
The professors wrote the novel .	The professors wrote .	entailment
The students explored the museum .	The students explored .	entailment
The managers wrote the play .	The managers wrote .	entailment
The managers ate the sandwich .	The managers ate .	entailment
The student read the book .	The student read .	entailment
The athlete won the prize .	The athlete won .	entailment
The artists won the war .	The artists won .	entailment
The artist ate the corn .	The artist ate .	entailment
The banker paid the lawyer .	The banker paid .	entailment
The athlete won the race .	The athlete won .	entailment
The authors ate the ice cream .	The authors ate .	entailment
The senators read the column .	The senators read .	entailment
The lawyer read the story .	The lawyer read .	entailment
The secretaries paid the senator .	The secretaries paid .	entailment
The lawyer paid the president .	The lawyer paid .	entailment
The professors wrote the letter .	The professors wrote .	entailment
The tourists won the contest .	The tourists won .	entailment
The bankers left the desert .	The bankers left .	entailment
The presidents read the play .	The presidents read .	entailment
The tourist left the forest .	The tourist left .	entailment
The students read the speech .	The students read .	entailment
The actor paid the senators .	The actor paid .	entailment
The doctor won the election .	The doctor won .	entailment
The bankers left the town .	The bankers left .	entailment
The lawyers paid the secretaries .	The lawyers paid .	entailment
The senators paid the judge .	The senators paid .	entailment
The scientists paid the secretaries .	The scientists paid .	entailment
The judge paid the tourists .	The judge paid .	entailment
The tourists won the competition .	The tourists won .	entailment
The athlete won the battle .	The athlete won .	entailment
The managers explored the island .	The managers explored .	entailment
The managers left the island .	The managers left .	entailment
The senators left the desert .	The senators left .	entailment
The senators paid the tourist .	The senators paid .	entailment
The artist paid the student .	The artist paid .	entailment
The lawyers paid the professors .	The lawyers paid .	entailment
The students paid the judges .	The students paid .	entailment
The manager ate the salad .	The manager ate .	entailment
The scientist paid the doctor .	The scientist paid .	entailment
The banker wrote the column .	The banker wrote .	entailment
The judge ate the rice .	The judge ate .	entailment
The scientists paid the doctors .	The scientists paid .	entailment
The president won the tournament .	The president won .	entailment
The doctor wrote the novel .	The doctor wrote .	entailment
The artists ate the broccoli .	The artists ate .	entailment
The bankers ate the salad .	The bankers ate .	entailment
The professors ate the corn .	The professors ate .	entailment
The secretary read the speech .	The secretary read .	entailment
The scientist read the play .	The scientist read .	entailment
The students paid the professor .	The students paid .	entailment
The actor explored the region .	The actor explored .	entailment
The lawyer ate the rice .	The lawyer ate .	entailment
The lawyer paid the students .	The lawyer paid .	entailment
The author paid the professors .	The author paid .	entailment
The manager explored the town .	The manager explored .	entailment
The tourists paid the student .	The tourists paid .	entailment
The authors ate the fruit .	The authors ate .	entailment
The judge left the garden .	The judge left .	entailment
The tourists explored the town .	The tourists explored .	entailment
The actors wrote the novel .	The actors wrote .	entailment
The senators won the tournament .	The senators won .	entailment
The lawyers won the prize .	The lawyers won .	entailment
The artist read the report .	The artist read .	entailment
The students wrote the poem .	The students wrote .	entailment
The secretary wrote the column .	The secretary wrote .	entailment
The scientists wrote the letter .	The scientists wrote .	entailment
The athlete left the country .	The athlete left .	entailment
The bankers explored the neighborhood .	The bankers explored .	entailment
The judges read the speech .	The judges read .	entailment
The presidents won the battle .	The presidents won .	entailment
The artists paid the professors .	The artists paid .	entailment
The author won the contest .	The author won .	entailment
The senator left the neighborhood .	The senator left .	entailment
The managers paid the actors .	The managers paid .	entailment
The senators ate the fruit .	The senators ate .	entailment
The lawyers ate the salad .	The lawyers ate .	entailment
The actor ate the rice .	The actor ate .	entailment
The tourist paid the actor .	The tourist paid .	entailment
The students explored the valley .	The students explored .	entailment
The judges ate the sandwich .	The judges ate .	entailment
The athletes ate the salad .	The athletes ate .	entailment
The student paid the professors .	The student paid .	entailment
The professors left the town .	The professors left .	entailment
The president left the valley .	The president left .	entailment
The actor explored the town .	The actor explored .	entailment
The lawyers left the museum .	The lawyers left .	entailment
The artists wrote the novel .	The artists wrote .	entailment
The artist ate the rice .	The artist ate .	entailment
The president left the country .	The president left .	entailment
The scientists ate the corn .	The scientists ate .	entailment
The athlete read the letter .	The athlete read .	entailment
The student won the prize .	The student won .	entailment
The bankers read the poem .	The bankers read .	entailment
The president explored the museum .	The president explored .	entailment
The artist wrote the column .	The artist wrote .	entailment
The scientists won the war .	The scientists won .	entailment
The scientist won the tournament .	The scientist won .	entailment
The presidents explored the valley .	The presidents explored .	entailment
The scientists left the island .	The scientists left .	entailment
The judges read the poem .	The judges read .	entailment
The artists wrote the poem .	The artists wrote .	entailment
The student explored the museum .	The student explored .	entailment
The judges paid the bankers .	The judges paid .	entailment
The artists wrote the letter .	The artists wrote .	entailment
The actor read the book .	The actor read .	entailment
The managers paid the artist .	The managers paid .	entailment
The author wrote the book .	The author wrote .	entailment
The lawyer read the book .	The lawyer read .	entailment
The athletes left the museum .	The athletes left .	entailment
The secretary left the neighborhood .	The secretary left .	entailment
The lawyer explored the valley .	The lawyer explored .	entailment
The students explored the garden .	The students explored .	entailment
The tourists left the forest .	The tourists left .	entailment
The doctors left the island .	The doctors left .	entailment
The managers won the contest .	The managers won .	entailment
The artists wrote the column .	The artists wrote .	entailment
The artist read the novel .	The artist read .	entailment
The athletes paid the president .	The athletes paid .	entailment
The artists ate the fruit .	The artists ate .	entailment
The secretaries won the election .	The secretaries won .	entailment
The tourist explored the island .	The tourist explored .	entailment
The professor wrote the report .	The professor wrote .	entailment
The senators left the museum .	The senators left .	entailment
The artists won the battle .	The artists won .	entailment
The student paid the judges .	The student paid .	entailment
The bankers explored the valley .	The bankers explored .	entailment
The lawyers paid the author .	The lawyers paid .	entailment
The professor read the play .	The professor read .	entailment
The actors ate the sandwich .	The actors ate .	entailment
The presidents wrote the play .	The presidents wrote .	entailment
The tourist wrote the novel .	The tourist wrote .	entailment
The athletes ate the rice .	The athletes ate .	entailment
The professor won the battle .	The professor won .	entailment
The lawyer explored the desert .	The lawyer explored .	entailment
The lawyer explored the museum .	The lawyer explored .	entailment
The authors wrote the novel .	The authors wrote .	entailment
The judges left the island .	The judges left .	entailment
The athletes ate the broccoli .	The athletes ate .	entailment
The athlete paid the actor .	The athlete paid .	entailment
The judge left the forest .	The judge left .	entailment
The artists read the report .	The artists read .	entailment
The lawyer explored the forest .	The lawyer explored .	entailment
The student wrote the letter .	The student wrote .	entailment
The lawyers ate the sandwich .	The lawyers ate .	entailment
The lawyers paid the students .	The lawyers paid .	entailment
The authors paid the actors .	The authors paid .	entailment
The presidents paid the judge .	The presidents paid .	entailment
The doctor explored the museum .	The doctor explored .	entailment
The author explored the valley .	The author explored .	entailment
The author paid the scientist .	The author paid .	entailment
The president won the prize .	The president won .	entailment
The scientists left the region .	The scientists left .	entailment
The lawyers wrote the column .	The lawyers wrote .	entailment
The banker won the award .	The banker won .	entailment
The president left the island .	The president left .	entailment
The banker paid the manager .	The banker paid .	entailment
The judge wrote the novel .	The judge wrote .	entailment
The presidents explored the museum .	The presidents explored .	entailment
The professor wrote the column .	The professor wrote .	entailment
The tourist won the prize .	The tourist won .	entailment
The senator wrote the column .	The senator wrote .	entailment
The professor ate the salad .	The professor ate .	entailment
The doctor paid the presidents .	The doctor paid .	entailment
The author read the poem .	The author read .	entailment
The artist left the museum .	The artist left .	entailment
The actor left the region .	The actor left .	entailment
The president left the garden .	The president left .	entailment
The doctors read the play .	The doctors read .	entailment
The managers read the play .	The managers read .	entailment
The senator paid the lawyer .	The senator paid .	entailment
The professors left the island .	The professors left .	entailment
The secretaries wrote the report .	The secretaries wrote .	entailment
The secretary left the valley .	The secretary left .	entailment
The senators won the race .	The senators won .	entailment
The athlete read the story .	The athlete read .	entailment
The actors won the election .	The actors won .	entailment
The senator ate the salad .	The senator ate .	entailment
The secretaries won the tournament .	The secretaries won .	entailment
The athletes read the story .	The athletes read .	entailment
The lawyer explored the town .	The lawyer explored .	entailment
The artist read the play .	The artist read .	entailment
The senator explored the forest .	The senator explored .	entailment
The manager left the garden .	The manager left .	entailment
The actors read the report .	The actors read .	entailment
The presidents left the country .	The presidents left .	entailment
The judges paid the professor .	The judges paid .	entailment
The doctor explored the desert .	The doctor explored .	entailment
The athlete read the play .	The athlete read .	entailment
The tourists explored the museum .	The tourists explored .	entailment
The artist read the poem .	The artist read .	entailment
The professor left the museum .	The professor left .	entailment
The secretaries wrote the book .	The secretaries wrote .	entailment
The athlete paid the banker .	The athlete paid .	entailment
The banker read the book .	The banker read .	entailment
The author paid the tourists .	The author paid .	entailment
The tourists wrote the play .	The tourists wrote .	entailment
The scientists explored the forest .	The scientists explored .	entailment
The scientist left the island .	The scientist left .	entailment
The lawyer left the country .	The lawyer left .	entailment
The tourists left the town .	The tourists left .	entailment
The athletes won the competition .	The athletes won .	entailment
The banker read the speech .	The banker read .	entailment
The doctors paid the professors .	The doctors paid .	entailment
The professors read the novel .	The professors read .	entailment
The manager explored the neighborhood .	The manager explored .	entailment
The secretary paid the senator .	The secretary paid .	entailment
The scientist left the region .	The scientist left .	entailment
The tourists left the region .	The tourists left .	entailment
The presidents explored the region .	The presidents explored .	entailment
The artists paid the senators .	The artists paid .	entailment
The authors won the tournament .	The authors won .	entailment
The manager won the battle .	The manager won .	entailment
The lawyers read the speech .	The lawyers read .	entailment
The secretary read the book .	The secretary read .	entailment
The artist wrote the letter .	The artist wrote .	entailment
The tourist left the garden .	The tourist left .	entailment
The author left the forest .	The author left .	entailment
The tourist read the novel .	The tourist read .	entailment
The author paid the judges .	The author paid .	entailment
The managers ate the fruit .	The managers ate .	entailment
The senators won the war .	The senators won .	entailment
The bankers paid the tourist .	The bankers paid .	entailment
The doctor explored the neighborhood .	The doctor explored .	entailment
The judge won the battle .	The judge won .	entailment
The secretaries explored the museum .	The secretaries explored .	entailment
The professors won the tournament .	The professors won .	entailment
The students wrote the column .	The students wrote .	entailment
The scientist left the museum .	The scientist left .	entailment
The scientists left the forest .	The scientists left .	entailment
The athletes left the country .	The athletes left .	entailment
The actors ate the rice .	The actors ate .	entailment
The actor ate the ice cream .	The actor ate .	entailment
The bankers paid the professor .	The bankers paid .	entailment
The athlete paid the authors .	The athlete paid .	entailment
The student ate the ice cream .	The student ate .	entailment
The tourists paid the managers .	The tourists paid .	entailment
The secretary paid the students .	The secretary paid .	entailment
The judge paid the professors .	The judge paid .	entailment
The artist explored the forest .	The artist explored .	entailment
The scientists wrote the poem .	The scientists wrote .	entailment
The professor left the valley .	The professor left .	entailment
The student won the race .	The student won .	entailment
The scientist left the forest .	The scientist left .	entailment
The athletes won the battle .	The athletes won .	entailment
The doctors ate the salad .	The doctors ate .	entailment
The manager paid the lawyers .	The manager paid .	entailment
The manager left the island .	The manager left .	entailment
The president won the war .	The president won .	entailment
The scientists read the letter .	The scientists read .	entailment
The senator won the competition .	The senator won .	entailment
The doctor won the battle .	The doctor won .	entailment
The tourist explored the garden .	The tourist explored .	entailment
The secretaries left the valley .	The secretaries left .	entailment
The lawyer explored the region .	The lawyer explored .	entailment
The lawyer wrote the book .	The lawyer wrote .	entailment
The senator paid the secretaries .	The senator paid .	entailment
The judge ate the salad .	The judge ate .	entailment
The actors read the play .	The actors read .	entailment
The bankers read the letter .	The bankers read .	entailment
The authors won the race .	The authors won .	entailment
The artists wrote the report .	The artists wrote .	entailment
The managers left the region .	The managers left .	entailment
The professors left the valley .	The professors left .	entailment
The banker paid the lawyers .	The banker paid .	entailment
The scientists read the play .	The scientists read .	entailment
The judges ate the ice cream .	The judges ate .	entailment
The authors explored the desert .	The authors explored .	entailment
The students wrote the speech .	The students wrote .	entailment
The manager paid the banker .	The manager paid .	entailment
The professor ate the sandwich .	The professor ate .	entailment
The manager explored the desert .	The manager explored .	entailment
The secretaries explored the forest .	The secretaries explored .	entailment
The professors won the war .	The professors won .	entailment
The students left the town .	The students left .	entailment
The senator paid the artists .	The senator paid .	entailment
The lawyers explored the desert .	The lawyers explored .	entailment
The athlete wrote the novel .	The athlete wrote .	entailment
The lawyer paid the secretaries .	The lawyer paid .	entailment
The actor won the battle .	The actor won .	entailment
The author explored the desert .	The author explored .	entailment
The artist ate the fruit .	The artist ate .	entailment
The president read the letter .	The president read .	entailment
The senator read the speech .	The senator read .	entailment
The lawyers wrote the speech .	The lawyers wrote .	entailment
The student explored the desert .	The student explored .	entailment
The scientists ate the broccoli .	The scientists ate .	entailment
The manager left the town .	The manager left .	entailment
The senators won the competition .	The senators won .	entailment
The artist wrote the speech .	The artist wrote .	entailment
The students paid the secretary .	The students paid .	entailment
The judges paid the presidents .	The judges paid .	entailment
The judge wrote the book .	The judge wrote .	entailment
The actor wrote the novel .	The actor wrote .	entailment
The professor left the country .	The professor left .	entailment
The senators left the garden .	The senators left .	entailment
The tourist paid the authors .	The tourist paid .	entailment
The president ate the broccoli .	The president ate .	entailment
The athlete explored the town .	The athlete explored .	entailment
The doctors ate the rice .	The doctors ate .	entailment
The students wrote the story .	The students wrote .	entailment
The scientists won the battle .	The scientists won .	entailment
The manager paid the student .	The manager paid .	entailment
The artist won the race .	The artist won .	entailment
The authors won the election .	The authors won .	entailment
The students read the letter .	The students read .	entailment
The scientists explored the country .	The scientists explored .	entailment
The athlete left the town .	The athlete left .	entailment
The president paid the managers .	The president paid .	entailment
The banker left the neighborhood .	The banker left .	entailment
The athletes explored the island .	The athletes explored .	entailment
The senator wrote the novel .	The senator wrote .	entailment
The lawyer wrote the story .	The lawyer wrote .	entailment
The athlete ate the rice .	The athlete ate .	entailment
The athletes explored the town .	The athletes explored .	entailment
The professors paid the actors .	The professors paid .	entailment
The doctor won the tournament .	The doctor won .	entailment
The presidents ate the ice cream .	The presidents ate .	entailment
The lawyers won the award .	The lawyers won .	entailment
The lawyers explored the garden .	The lawyers explored .	entailment
The professor read the column .	The professor read .	entailment
The student paid the presidents .	The student paid .	entailment
The professor paid the author .	The professor paid .	entailment
The scientist ate the salad .	The scientist ate .	entailment
The athletes wrote the story .	The athletes wrote .	entailment
The judges read the book .	The judges read .	entailment
The judges explored the museum .	The judges explored .	entailment
The lawyer wrote the poem .	The lawyer wrote .	entailment
The senators won the contest .	The senators won .	entailment
The author paid the actors .	The author paid .	entailment
The senator read the letter .	The senator read .	entailment
The actors explored the island .	The actors explored .	entailment
The artist paid the judge .	The artist paid .	entailment
The actors wrote the play .	The actors wrote .	entailment
The judge read the book .	The judge read .	entailment
The lawyers read the book .	The lawyers read .	entailment
The students paid the actor .	The students paid .	entailment
The students read the column .	The students read .	entailment
The secretaries won the prize .	The secretaries won .	entailment
The managers won the award .	The managers won .	entailment
The tourist paid the judges .	The tourist paid .	entailment
The artist explored the region .	The artist explored .	entailment
The tourist won the competition .	The tourist won .	entailment
The judge left the island .	The judge left .	entailment
The athletes paid the authors .	The athletes paid .	entailment
The authors read the poem .	The authors read .	entailment
The judge explored the forest .	The judge explored .	entailment
The bankers ate the fruit .	The bankers ate .	entailment
The artists explored the island .	The artists explored .	entailment
The actor read the report .	The actor read .	entailment
The secretaries wrote the column .	The secretaries wrote .	entailment
The doctor ate the salad .	The doctor ate .	entailment
The artists paid the tourists .	The artists paid .	entailment
The actors wrote the report .	The actors wrote .	entailment
The actor read the play .	The actor read .	entailment
The lawyer paid the secretary .	The lawyer paid .	entailment
The athlete won the competition .	The athlete won .	entailment
The actor won the war .	The actor won .	entailment
The professor wrote the play .	The professor wrote .	entailment
The tourists read the play .	The tourists read .	entailment
The authors read the report .	The authors read .	entailment
The authors paid the bankers .	The authors paid .	entailment
The students won the prize .	The students won .	entailment
The scientists wrote the speech .	The scientists wrote .	entailment
The scientist wrote the speech .	The scientist wrote .	entailment
The senator wrote the book .	The senator wrote .	entailment
The bankers won the tournament .	The bankers won .	entailment
The senators paid the judges .	The senators paid .	entailment
The presidents read the story .	The presidents read .	entailment
The artists won the award .	The artists won .	entailment
The authors wrote the book .	The authors wrote .	entailment
The president ate the sandwich .	The president ate .	entailment
The judge paid the author .	The judge paid .	entailment
The athletes wrote the speech .	The athletes wrote .	entailment
The actor left the country .	The actor left .	entailment
The lawyers paid the senators .	The lawyers paid .	entailment
The doctor wrote the story .	The doctor wrote .	entailment
The judge left the museum .	The judge left .	entailment
The secretary paid the scientist .	The secretary paid .	entailment
The authors read the play .	The authors read .	entailment
The professors explored the town .	The professors explored .	entailment
The student won the election .	The student won .	entailment
The bankers explored the garden .	The bankers explored .	entailment
The tourists read the novel .	The tourists read .	entailment
The secretary ate the sandwich .	The secretary ate .	entailment
The authors paid the managers .	The authors paid .	entailment
The author wrote the column .	The author wrote .	entailment
The actors explored the region .	The actors explored .	entailment
The student left the town .	The student left .	entailment
The doctors paid the president .	The doctors paid .	entailment
The managers won the tournament .	The managers won .	entailment
The student paid the scientists .	The student paid .	entailment
The tourists left the country .	The tourists left .	entailment
The tourist ate the sandwich .	The tourist ate .	entailment
The scientist paid the senator .	The scientist paid .	entailment
The tourist ate the rice .	The tourist ate .	entailment
The senator left the region .	The senator left .	entailment
The scientist ate the sandwich .	The scientist ate .	entailment
The lawyer won the race .	The lawyer won .	entailment
The manager won the war .	The manager won .	entailment
The athlete wrote the report .	The athlete wrote .	entailment
The secretary wrote the speech .	The secretary wrote .	entailment
The judge ate the corn .	The judge ate .	entailment
The professor wrote the letter .	The professor wrote .	entailment
The judge ate the fruit .	The judge ate .	entailment
The athletes paid the actor .	The athletes paid .	entailment
The scientists won the race .	The scientists won .	entailment
The secretaries ate the fruit .	The secretaries ate .	entailment
The lawyers read the column .	The lawyers read .	entailment
The secretary left the town .	The secretary left .	entailment
The professor ate the corn .	The professor ate .	entailment
The professors read the poem .	The professors read .	entailment
The artist explored the garden .	The artist explored .	entailment
The presidents paid the scientist .	The presidents paid .	entailment
The managers admired the authors who called the actor .	The managers admired the authors .	entailment
The artists avoided the athlete that helped the lawyers .	The artists avoided the athlete .	entailment
The artists avoided the senators that thanked the tourists .	The artists avoided the senators .	entailment
The athlete admired the tourist that shouted .	The athlete admired the tourist .	entailment
The scientists recommended the actor that the judges saw .	The scientists recommended the actor .	entailment
The doctor supported the managers that arrived .	The doctor supported the managers .	entailment
The senators recommended the judges that the students recognized .	The senators recommended the judges .	entailment
The artist contacted the tourist who the senators encouraged .	The artist contacted the tourist .	entailment
The judges supported the athlete who saw the actors .	The judges supported the athlete .	entailment
The tourist recommended the scientist who helped the artists .	The tourist recommended the scientist .	entailment
The tourists stopped the author who the doctor mentioned .	The tourists stopped the author .	entailment
The doctor recommended the actors who shouted .	The doctor recommended the actors .	entailment
The scientist avoided the banker who the managers thanked .	The scientist avoided the banker .	entailment
The artists stopped the scientist who performed .	The artists stopped the scientist .	entailment
The managers believed the authors that admired the secretaries .	The managers believed the authors .	entailment
The artist called the bankers that ran .	The artist called the bankers .	entailment
The manager supported the secretary that slept .	The manager supported the secretary .	entailment
The bankers introduced the judges that arrived .	The bankers introduced the judges .	entailment
The doctor avoided the tourists that thanked the banker .	The doctor avoided the tourists .	entailment
The managers introduced the student that the judge mentioned .	The managers introduced the student .	entailment
The senator introduced the authors that encouraged the student .	The senator introduced the authors .	entailment
The professor believed the scientists who thanked the athlete .	The professor believed the scientists .	entailment
The authors avoided the artists who danced .	The authors avoided the artists .	entailment
The secretaries believed the athlete who the authors saw .	The secretaries believed the athlete .	entailment
The secretary supported the manager that slept .	The secretary supported the manager .	entailment
The judges avoided the artist who the authors thanked .	The judges avoided the artist .	entailment
The athlete avoided the senators that arrived .	The athlete avoided the senators .	entailment
The lawyer introduced the artist who mentioned the senator .	The lawyer introduced the artist .	entailment
The senator called the author that the tourists supported .	The senator called the author .	entailment
The lawyer avoided the scientist who the president introduced .	The lawyer avoided the scientist .	entailment
The artists contacted the presidents that danced .	The artists contacted the presidents .	entailment
The student avoided the president that contacted the senator .	The student avoided the president .	entailment
The judge stopped the students who arrived .	The judge stopped the students .	entailment
The lawyer recognized the senator that slept .	The lawyer recognized the senator .	entailment
The author supported the presidents that the artist thanked .	The author supported the presidents .	entailment
The doctors believed the senators that recommended the manager .	The doctors believed the senators .	entailment
The authors recommended the professor that supported the secretaries .	The authors recommended the professor .	entailment
The bankers helped the professor that contacted the scientists .	The bankers helped the professor .	entailment
The athletes called the author that admired the presidents .	The athletes called the author .	entailment
The artist mentioned the authors that performed .	The artist mentioned the authors .	entailment
The actor supported the tourist that waited .	The actor supported the tourist .	entailment
The banker advised the author that encouraged the judges .	The banker advised the author .	entailment
The senators advised the secretaries who encouraged the actor .	The senators advised the secretaries .	entailment
The lawyer advised the artists who danced .	The lawyer advised the artists .	entailment
The tourist helped the students who the scientist introduced .	The tourist helped the students .	entailment
The manager supported the bankers that performed .	The manager supported the bankers .	entailment
The tourists thanked the president who admired the secretaries .	The tourists thanked the president .	entailment
The actors helped the professors who danced .	The actors helped the professors .	entailment
The athletes believed the actor who danced .	The athletes believed the actor .	entailment
The judge contacted the manager that helped the bankers .	The judge contacted the manager .	entailment
The scientist believed the judges that mentioned the athlete .	The scientist believed the judges .	entailment
The athletes recognized the bankers who recommended the scientists .	The athletes recognized the bankers .	entailment
The tourists recognized the scientist who arrived .	The tourists recognized the scientist .	entailment
The authors admired the artists who waited .	The authors admired the artists .	entailment
The student mentioned the doctor who danced .	The student mentioned the doctor .	entailment
The judges avoided the managers that ran .	The judges avoided the managers .	entailment
The athletes advised the professor who thanked the presidents .	The athletes advised the professor .	entailment
The student thanked the senator who contacted the professors .	The student thanked the senator .	entailment
The actor encouraged the presidents who recognized the senator .	The actor encouraged the presidents .	entailment
The bankers supported the presidents that danced .	The bankers supported the presidents .	entailment
The actor helped the athletes that waited .	The actor helped the athletes .	entailment
The artist believed the judge that stopped the manager .	The artist believed the judge .	entailment
The secretaries advised the bankers who slept .	The secretaries advised the bankers .	entailment
The artists avoided the athletes that performed .	The artists avoided the athletes .	entailment
The judge supported the lawyer that recognized the senators .	The judge supported the lawyer .	entailment
The tourist recognized the actors that introduced the professor .	The tourist recognized the actors .	entailment
The secretary stopped the actor who performed .	The secretary stopped the actor .	entailment
The artist introduced the bankers who slept .	The artist introduced the bankers .	entailment
The artist believed the senator that contacted the student .	The artist believed the senator .	entailment
The scientist admired the secretary who advised the doctors .	The scientist admired the secretary .	entailment
The lawyer admired the authors that slept .	The lawyer admired the authors .	entailment
The doctors thanked the scientist who danced .	The doctors thanked the scientist .	entailment
The lawyer encouraged the tourist that performed .	The lawyer encouraged the tourist .	entailment
The scientist avoided the actors who slept .	The scientist avoided the actors .	entailment
The lawyers stopped the athletes who the presidents recognized .	The lawyers stopped the athletes .	entailment
The author recognized the students that performed .	The author recognized the students .	entailment
The doctor thanked the lawyers that admired the president .	The doctor thanked the lawyers .	entailment
The athlete thanked the lawyer who danced .	The athlete thanked the lawyer .	entailment
The student advised the lawyers that helped the artists .	The student advised the lawyers .	entailment
The lawyer avoided the author who advised the president .	The lawyer avoided the author .	entailment
The actor recognized the doctor that shouted .	The actor recognized the doctor .	entailment
The athlete recommended the tourists who slept .	The athlete recommended the tourists .	entailment
The managers recommended the presidents that resigned .	The managers recommended the presidents .	entailment
The athletes recognized the professor who performed .	The athletes recognized the professor .	entailment
The authors helped the student who the lawyers stopped .	The authors helped the student .	entailment
The lawyers thanked the student who stopped the artists .	The lawyers thanked the student .	entailment
The tourists contacted the professor that encouraged the lawyer .	The tourists contacted the professor .	entailment
The banker encouraged the actors that slept .	The banker encouraged the actors .	entailment
The professors believed the lawyers that supported the secretary .	The professors believed the lawyers .	entailment
The doctor contacted the secretaries who shouted .	The doctor contacted the secretaries .	entailment
The judges mentioned the student that danced .	The judges mentioned the student .	entailment
The judge stopped the doctor that danced .	The judge stopped the doctor .	entailment
The doctor avoided the students who ran .	The doctor avoided the students .	entailment
The professor avoided the tourists that the senators helped .	The professor avoided the tourists .	entailment
The senators thanked the bankers who the managers stopped .	The senators thanked the bankers .	entailment
The students advised the scientists that the authors believed .	The students advised the scientists .	entailment
The actors supported the professor that the doctor stopped .	The actors supported the professor .	entailment
The president mentioned the artists who the student encouraged .	The president mentioned the artists .	entailment
The author saw the doctors that believed the actor .	The author saw the doctors .	entailment
The scientist helped the tourist that the student believed .	The scientist helped the tourist .	entailment
The managers avoided the secretary who ran .	The managers avoided the secretary .	entailment
The judges admired the banker that performed .	The judges admired the banker .	entailment
The scientists admired the artists that the presidents saw .	The scientists admired the artists .	entailment
The bankers introduced the judges that ran .	The bankers introduced the judges .	entailment
The judges helped the managers that the senator supported .	The judges helped the managers .	entailment
The actors avoided the lawyer who slept .	The actors avoided the lawyer .	entailment
The tourists helped the scientist that ran .	The tourists helped the scientist .	entailment
The artist encouraged the banker that the senator advised .	The artist encouraged the banker .	entailment
The doctors avoided the artists who the bankers recommended .	The doctors avoided the artists .	entailment
The managers stopped the tourists who performed .	The managers stopped the tourists .	entailment
The presidents mentioned the tourist that performed .	The presidents mentioned the tourist .	entailment
The athlete called the professors that waited .	The athlete called the professors .	entailment
The bankers saw the students that resigned .	The bankers saw the students .	entailment
The actor helped the secretaries that the banker supported .	The actor helped the secretaries .	entailment
The professor admired the banker that the manager avoided .	The professor admired the banker .	entailment
The scientists helped the student who the president saw .	The scientists helped the student .	entailment
The professors admired the author that recognized the president .	The professors admired the author .	entailment
The authors advised the professor who avoided the artists .	The authors advised the professor .	entailment
The lawyer encouraged the scientists who advised the doctors .	The lawyer encouraged the scientists .	entailment
The athletes avoided the senator who thanked the managers .	The athletes avoided the senator .	entailment
The manager introduced the judges who admired the bankers .	The manager introduced the judges .	entailment
The president contacted the managers who admired the student .	The president contacted the managers .	entailment
The student believed the doctors who the actors avoided .	The student believed the doctors .	entailment
The author advised the judge who the scientists thanked .	The author advised the judge .	entailment
The secretary admired the lawyer who resigned .	The secretary admired the lawyer .	entailment
The banker recognized the lawyers who called the students .	The banker recognized the lawyers .	entailment
The secretaries helped the authors that performed .	The secretaries helped the authors .	entailment
The professors recognized the athlete who the lawyer thanked .	The professors recognized the athlete .	entailment
The secretaries recommended the senators that thanked the tourists .	The secretaries recommended the senators .	entailment
The doctors helped the secretary that the lawyer recognized .	The doctors helped the secretary .	entailment
The actor saw the judge who slept .	The actor saw the judge .	entailment
The president contacted the author that slept .	The president contacted the author .	entailment
The secretaries recognized the artists that shouted .	The secretaries recognized the artists .	entailment
The tourists believed the athletes who the professors supported .	The tourists believed the athletes .	entailment
The tourist saw the actor that slept .	The tourist saw the actor .	entailment
The judges stopped the professor who saw the artists .	The judges stopped the professor .	entailment
The judge admired the actor that introduced the students .	The judge admired the actor .	entailment
The manager called the artist who the judges thanked .	The manager called the artist .	entailment
The banker recommended the student who ran .	The banker recommended the student .	entailment
The professor thanked the manager that slept .	The professor thanked the manager .	entailment
The senator avoided the bankers that the students mentioned .	The senator avoided the bankers .	entailment
The scientist advised the secretaries that the senators recognized .	The scientist advised the secretaries .	entailment
The student mentioned the manager who the professors helped .	The student mentioned the manager .	entailment
The doctors believed the actor that ran .	The doctors believed the actor .	entailment
The student supported the artists who the doctor recognized .	The student supported the artists .	entailment
The secretaries recommended the artists that advised the lawyers .	The secretaries recommended the artists .	entailment
The artist admired the athlete that thanked the judges .	The artist admired the athlete .	entailment
The scientist mentioned the lawyers who the athletes called .	The scientist mentioned the lawyers .	entailment
The professors admired the senator that stopped the president .	The professors admired the senator .	entailment
The judges thanked the actor who introduced the bankers .	The judges thanked the actor .	entailment
The actors recommended the judge that the manager called .	The actors recommended the judge .	entailment
The actor mentioned the artist that recognized the secretary .	The actor mentioned the artist .	entailment
The senators introduced the artists who the secretary recognized .	The senators introduced the artists .	entailment
The presidents saw the scientist who shouted .	The presidents saw the scientist .	entailment
The banker called the authors who advised the athletes .	The banker called the authors .	entailment
The scientists avoided the tourist that recommended the managers .	The scientists avoided the tourist .	entailment
The bankers advised the author who arrived .	The bankers advised the author .	entailment
The professors helped the manager who the doctor supported .	The professors helped the manager .	entailment
The president encouraged the professors that arrived .	The president encouraged the professors .	entailment
The actor saw the lawyers that mentioned the secretaries .	The actor saw the lawyers .	entailment
The professor recommended the bankers who the judge admired .	The professor recommended the bankers .	entailment
The senators recommended the professors that advised the tourist .	The senators recommended the professors .	entailment
The artist recognized the athletes that advised the professor .	The artist recognized the athletes .	entailment
The student saw the artists that the actors recommended .	The student saw the artists .	entailment
The presidents believed the senator who recommended the doctors .	The presidents believed the senator .	entailment
The judges contacted the president who waited .	The judges contacted the president .	entailment
The president thanked the bankers that the secretaries introduced .	The president thanked the bankers .	entailment
The tourists advised the athletes who shouted .	The tourists advised the athletes .	entailment
The professors stopped the tourist who the banker called .	The professors stopped the tourist .	entailment
The banker introduced the president who performed .	The banker introduced the president .	entailment
The professors recognized the tourists who encouraged the artist .	The professors recognized the tourists .	entailment
The actors thanked the author that waited .	The actors thanked the author .	entailment
The artist helped the tourists that slept .	The artist helped the tourists .	entailment
The athlete saw the president who arrived .	The athlete saw the president .	entailment
The athletes recommended the lawyers who arrived .	The athletes recommended the lawyers .	entailment
The banker saw the athletes who the judges called .	The banker saw the athletes .	entailment
The actor admired the artist that ran .	The actor admired the artist .	entailment
The professors contacted the tourist that helped the secretary .	The professors contacted the tourist .	entailment
The doctors advised the artist that ran .	The doctors advised the artist .	entailment
The secretaries encouraged the artist that contacted the president .	The secretaries encouraged the artist .	entailment
The scientists recognized the actor that called the authors .	The scientists recognized the actor .	entailment
The lawyer saw the athletes who admired the president .	The lawyer saw the athletes .	entailment
The bankers called the tourist who waited .	The bankers called the tourist .	entailment
The athletes thanked the artist who the judge advised .	The athletes thanked the artist .	entailment
The secretary supported the scientist who encouraged the author .	The secretary supported the scientist .	entailment
The presidents advised the author that recommended the scientists .	The presidents advised the author .	entailment
The scientists encouraged the president that avoided the doctors .	The scientists encouraged the president .	entailment
The author encouraged the senator that the managers introduced .	The author encouraged the senator .	entailment
The tourists avoided the students that the lawyer encouraged .	The tourists avoided the students .	entailment
The lawyers thanked the author that resigned .	The lawyers thanked the author .	entailment
The lawyer saw the athletes that called the secretaries .	The lawyer saw the athletes .	entailment
The athletes contacted the scientists that the professors helped .	The athletes contacted the scientists .	entailment
The presidents contacted the senator who saw the secretary .	The presidents contacted the senator .	entailment
The lawyers thanked the tourists that the students introduced .	The lawyers thanked the tourists .	entailment
The tourists thanked the actors that slept .	The tourists thanked the actors .	entailment
The author helped the secretaries who the banker saw .	The author helped the secretaries .	entailment
The doctor called the professor who recommended the lawyers .	The doctor called the professor .	entailment
The artist believed the athletes that advised the scientists .	The artist believed the athletes .	entailment
The lawyer called the student who arrived .	The lawyer called the student .	entailment
The judges called the actors who the athletes introduced .	The judges called the actors .	entailment
The athletes advised the scientists who shouted .	The athletes advised the scientists .	entailment
The tourist mentioned the athlete that waited .	The tourist mentioned the athlete .	entailment
The doctors thanked the artist who recommended the actors .	The doctors thanked the artist .	entailment
The doctors supported the judge that danced .	The doctors supported the judge .	entailment
The artists called the judges who supported the students .	The artists called the judges .	entailment
The judge encouraged the artist who the tourist recommended .	The judge encouraged the artist .	entailment
The athletes encouraged the doctors who admired the presidents .	The athletes encouraged the doctors .	entailment
The president avoided the professors that ran .	The president avoided the professors .	entailment
The artist stopped the student that the professors supported .	The artist stopped the student .	entailment
The presidents called the managers that the secretary helped .	The presidents called the managers .	entailment
The lawyer supported the students that the actor called .	The lawyer supported the students .	entailment
The authors stopped the secretary that performed .	The authors stopped the secretary .	entailment
The secretaries stopped the scientist who called the tourist .	The secretaries stopped the scientist .	entailment
The judge believed the professors who arrived .	The judge believed the professors .	entailment
The tourists introduced the student that believed the author .	The tourists introduced the student .	entailment
The presidents called the lawyer who danced .	The presidents called the lawyer .	entailment
The actors recognized the students that contacted the tourist .	The actors recognized the students .	entailment
The bankers advised the secretaries that the professors avoided .	The bankers advised the secretaries .	entailment
The student believed the doctors that recommended the senator .	The student believed the doctors .	entailment
The tourist stopped the senators who waited .	The tourist stopped the senators .	entailment
The doctors believed the managers that performed .	The doctors believed the managers .	entailment
The doctors called the scientists that arrived .	The doctors called the scientists .	entailment
The judge saw the professors that waited .	The judge saw the professors .	entailment
The doctors helped the athlete who shouted .	The doctors helped the athlete .	entailment
The doctor avoided the bankers that the managers believed .	The doctor avoided the bankers .	entailment
The judge believed the secretaries who supported the doctor .	The judge believed the secretaries .	entailment
The students called the authors who the actors helped .	The students called the authors .	entailment
The secretaries stopped the banker who waited .	The secretaries stopped the banker .	entailment
The scientist saw the professor who ran .	The scientist saw the professor .	entailment
The secretary avoided the president who called the senators .	The secretary avoided the president .	entailment
The actor stopped the lawyers that shouted .	The actor stopped the lawyers .	entailment
The bankers supported the senators who the doctor encouraged .	The bankers supported the senators .	entailment
The athlete introduced the manager that mentioned the artists .	The athlete introduced the manager .	entailment
The bankers supported the doctor that thanked the secretaries .	The bankers supported the doctor .	entailment
The president mentioned the tourists that performed .	The president mentioned the tourists .	entailment
The actors helped the doctor that the secretary stopped .	The actors helped the doctor .	entailment
The manager stopped the professor who encouraged the artists .	The manager stopped the professor .	entailment
The artists recognized the senators that slept .	The artists recognized the senators .	entailment
The authors helped the banker that waited .	The authors helped the banker .	entailment
The managers mentioned the secretary that the actors stopped .	The managers mentioned the secretary .	entailment
The doctors contacted the athlete who the secretary encouraged .	The doctors contacted the athlete .	entailment
The lawyer believed the secretary that saw the students .	The lawyer believed the secretary .	entailment
The manager stopped the athletes who slept .	The manager stopped the athletes .	entailment
The artists stopped the senators who mentioned the scientists .	The artists stopped the senators .	entailment
The actors believed the tourist who recognized the artists .	The actors believed the tourist .	entailment
The bankers mentioned the managers who the scientists called .	The bankers mentioned the managers .	entailment
The tourist contacted the actor who the manager recognized .	The tourist contacted the actor .	entailment
The president believed the secretaries who shouted .	The president believed the secretaries .	entailment
The lawyer admired the manager that the artist helped .	The lawyer admired the manager .	entailment
The bankers encouraged the artist that the senator contacted .	The bankers encouraged the artist .	entailment
The author called the lawyers that danced .	The author called the lawyers .	entailment
The students encouraged the doctor who resigned .	The students encouraged the doctor .	entailment
The secretaries helped the doctors who saw the professors .	The secretaries helped the doctors .	entailment
The scientists admired the doctor who arrived .	The scientists admired the doctor .	entailment
The athletes called the students who shouted .	The athletes called the students .	entailment
The doctors mentioned the secretary who ran .	The doctors mentioned the secretary .	entailment
The president avoided the student that shouted .	The president avoided the student .	entailment
The authors saw the actor that mentioned the manager .	The authors saw the actor .	entailment
The bankers thanked the doctor who the students supported .	The bankers thanked the doctor .	entailment
The lawyer avoided the scientists that shouted .	The lawyer avoided the scientists .	entailment
The manager mentioned the lawyers that stopped the secretary .	The manager mentioned the lawyers .	entailment
The presidents supported the manager that the tourists helped .	The presidents supported the manager .	entailment
The student believed the bankers who arrived .	The student believed the bankers .	entailment
The actor believed the author that thanked the senator .	The actor believed the author .	entailment
The actor recognized the lawyer who saw the professors .	The actor recognized the lawyer .	entailment
The senator recognized the artist who advised the tourists .	The senator recognized the artist .	entailment
The actors mentioned the judges who the student admired .	The actors mentioned the judges .	entailment
The bankers saw the tourists that slept .	The bankers saw the tourists .	entailment
The actor recognized the artist who slept .	The actor recognized the artist .	entailment
The artists stopped the scientist who the professor introduced .	The artists stopped the scientist .	entailment
The scientists avoided the senators that the authors encouraged .	The scientists avoided the senators .	entailment
The managers believed the athlete that ran .	The managers believed the athlete .	entailment
The artist believed the tourists that waited .	The artist believed the tourists .	entailment
The secretary recognized the manager who arrived .	The secretary recognized the manager .	entailment
The athlete advised the tourist who ran .	The athlete advised the tourist .	entailment
The authors admired the judge that resigned .	The authors admired the judge .	entailment
The artist supported the judges who recognized the actors .	The artist supported the judges .	entailment
The authors advised the banker who shouted .	The authors advised the banker .	entailment
The president supported the judges that recognized the tourist .	The president supported the judges .	entailment
The managers recognized the tourist that slept .	The managers recognized the tourist .	entailment
The doctor mentioned the presidents who the scientists recognized .	The doctor mentioned the presidents .	entailment
The bankers recommended the actors that slept .	The bankers recommended the actors .	entailment
The presidents advised the secretary who recommended the authors .	The presidents advised the secretary .	entailment
The managers thanked the tourist that the presidents believed .	The managers thanked the tourist .	entailment
The tourist avoided the senator that ran .	The tourist avoided the senator .	entailment
The tourist supported the artist that admired the judge .	The tourist supported the artist .	entailment
The banker encouraged the judge that the scientists recognized .	The banker encouraged the judge .	entailment
The authors supported the doctors who the manager called .	The authors supported the doctors .	entailment
The doctors saw the tourist that waited .	The doctors saw the tourist .	entailment
The professors introduced the secretaries who called the bankers .	The professors introduced the secretaries .	entailment
The authors supported the athletes who believed the professor .	The authors supported the athletes .	entailment
The bankers advised the tourists that the manager encouraged .	The bankers advised the tourists .	entailment
The tourist saw the scientists who thanked the secretary .	The tourist saw the scientists .	entailment
The senator recommended the secretaries that ran .	The senator recommended the secretaries .	entailment
The doctor contacted the athlete that thanked the lawyers .	The doctor contacted the athlete .	entailment
The athlete supported the artists that the lawyer helped .	The athlete supported the artists .	entailment
The tourist avoided the authors that the professors stopped .	The tourist avoided the authors .	entailment
The bankers believed the scientists that recognized the professors .	The bankers believed the scientists .	entailment
The professor mentioned the doctors who thanked the actors .	The professor mentioned the doctors .	entailment
The professors recognized the actors who mentioned the doctors .	The professors recognized the actors .	entailment
The tourist mentioned the scientists that the authors stopped .	The tourist mentioned the scientists .	entailment
The professors introduced the president that contacted the lawyer .	The professors introduced the president .	entailment
The judges mentioned the banker that recommended the professors .	The judges mentioned the banker .	entailment
The scientists mentioned the banker who the president stopped .	The scientists mentioned the banker .	entailment
The senator saw the student that the actors thanked .	The senator saw the student .	entailment
The artist recognized the secretary that saw the lawyer .	The artist recognized the secretary .	entailment
The judges avoided the tourists who the student introduced .	The judges avoided the tourists .	entailment
The secretaries believed the tourist who resigned .	The secretaries believed the tourist .	entailment
The manager avoided the banker that recognized the judges .	The manager avoided the banker .	entailment
The lawyer mentioned the scientist who the professor encouraged .	The lawyer mentioned the scientist .	entailment
The actors thanked the artists that the athlete admired .	The actors thanked the artists .	entailment
The actor encouraged the athlete who the bankers contacted .	The actor encouraged the athlete .	entailment
The students believed the president who resigned .	The students believed the president .	entailment
The president saw the author that mentioned the banker .	The president saw the author .	entailment
The lawyer admired the artists that believed the doctor .	The lawyer admired the artists .	entailment
The managers supported the senators who recommended the artist .	The managers supported the senators .	entailment
The presidents helped the bankers that waited .	The presidents helped the bankers .	entailment
The doctor thanked the president who stopped the lawyer .	The doctor thanked the president .	entailment
The artists advised the senator that the students supported .	The artists advised the senator .	entailment
The managers advised the author who the tourist called .	The managers advised the author .	entailment
The judges avoided the senator that ran .	The judges avoided the senator .	entailment
The lawyer stopped the banker who performed .	The lawyer stopped the banker .	entailment
The doctors recommended the judge that advised the athletes .	The doctors recommended the judge .	entailment
The athlete avoided the lawyers who admired the professor .	The athlete avoided the lawyers .	entailment
The professor saw the lawyers that arrived .	The professor saw the lawyers .	entailment
The judge contacted the actor who arrived .	The judge contacted the actor .	entailment
The student avoided the artists that the secretaries thanked .	The student avoided the artists .	entailment
The doctor admired the managers that shouted .	The doctor admired the managers .	entailment
The lawyer stopped the scientists that mentioned the judge .	The lawyer stopped the scientists .	entailment
The judge believed the senators that ran .	The judge believed the senators .	entailment
The senators admired the actor who the president mentioned .	The senators admired the actor .	entailment
The judge contacted the professor that resigned .	The judge contacted the professor .	entailment
The athletes mentioned the senator who ran .	The athletes mentioned the senator .	entailment
The athletes avoided the tourist that ran .	The athletes avoided the tourist .	entailment
The authors avoided the senators that performed .	The authors avoided the senators .	entailment
The bankers advised the president who called the professor .	The bankers advised the president .	entailment
The secretaries encouraged the banker that the actor recognized .	The secretaries encouraged the banker .	entailment
The author thanked the judge who slept .	The author thanked the judge .	entailment
The tourist believed the author who waited .	The tourist believed the author .	entailment
The actors recognized the doctors that arrived .	The actors recognized the doctors .	entailment
The lawyer introduced the professor who the student encouraged .	The lawyer introduced the professor .	entailment
The professor saw the judges that recommended the author .	The professor saw the judges .	entailment
The artist believed the presidents who saw the student .	The artist believed the presidents .	entailment
The judges called the lawyers that the presidents avoided .	The judges called the lawyers .	entailment
The presidents stopped the banker that advised the senators .	The presidents stopped the banker .	entailment
The presidents believed the lawyer that danced .	The presidents believed the lawyer .	entailment
The secretaries mentioned the students who the lawyer admired .	The secretaries mentioned the students .	entailment
The president stopped the student who the tourists encouraged .	The president stopped the student .	entailment
The students called the tourists who ran .	The students called the tourists .	entailment
The actors contacted the professors that slept .	The actors contacted the professors .	entailment
The president stopped the bankers that the artist encouraged .	The president stopped the bankers .	entailment
The athlete helped the artists that believed the senator .	The athlete helped the artists .	entailment
The judge thanked the professors who recommended the doctors .	The judge thanked the professors .	entailment
The lawyer helped the author that danced .	The lawyer helped the author .	entailment
The secretary thanked the professors who the scientist recommended .	The secretary thanked the professors .	entailment
The manager recommended the senator that resigned .	The manager recommended the senator .	entailment
The tourist saw the professors that ran .	The tourist saw the professors .	entailment
The senator supported the judges that the secretaries introduced .	The senator supported the judges .	entailment
The lawyer admired the president that recommended the secretary .	The lawyer admired the president .	entailment
The professor mentioned the judge who the actors called .	The professor mentioned the judge .	entailment
The students saw the doctors that the tourist called .	The students saw the doctors .	entailment
The senators believed the student who helped the tourists .	The senators believed the student .	entailment
The senators mentioned the students who recognized the tourist .	The senators mentioned the students .	entailment
The lawyer recommended the bankers who resigned .	The lawyer recommended the bankers .	entailment
The author contacted the secretaries who the bankers called .	The author contacted the secretaries .	entailment
The students introduced the tourist that the bankers recognized .	The students introduced the tourist .	entailment
The manager encouraged the doctors that thanked the banker .	The manager encouraged the doctors .	entailment
The author mentioned the president who advised the professor .	The author mentioned the president .	entailment
The athlete saw the students that resigned .	The athlete saw the students .	entailment
The doctor contacted the scientists who the students mentioned .	The doctor contacted the scientists .	entailment
The author helped the tourists that shouted .	The author helped the tourists .	entailment
The artists mentioned the athlete that the managers encouraged .	The artists mentioned the athlete .	entailment
The secretary introduced the manager who the bankers helped .	The secretary introduced the manager .	entailment
The scientists advised the athlete that avoided the student .	The scientists advised the athlete .	entailment
The professor thanked the scientists who the athletes called .	The professor thanked the scientists .	entailment
The athlete supported the tourist that the professors stopped .	The athlete supported the tourist .	entailment
The senators thanked the professor who the tourist introduced .	The senators thanked the professor .	entailment
The judges avoided the bankers that the artists supported .	The judges avoided the bankers .	entailment
The manager contacted the actor that performed .	The manager contacted the actor .	entailment
The authors stopped the bankers who the students called .	The authors stopped the bankers .	entailment
The students advised the president that helped the tourists .	The students advised the president .	entailment
The professors contacted the presidents who supported the manager .	The professors contacted the presidents .	entailment
The scientists saw the actors who shouted .	The scientists saw the actors .	entailment
The bankers supported the judge who the lawyers advised .	The bankers supported the judge .	entailment
The athlete supported the judges that believed the actors .	The athlete supported the judges .	entailment
The doctor helped the lawyers that the judges encouraged .	The doctor helped the lawyers .	entailment
The senators recommended the secretary that resigned .	The senators recommended the secretary .	entailment
The athlete avoided the authors that admired the artists .	The athlete avoided the authors .	entailment
The lawyer advised the senators who the tourist recognized .	The lawyer advised the senators .	entailment
The secretary supported the senator who advised the manager .	The secretary supported the senator .	entailment
The professor helped the students that resigned .	The professor helped the students .	entailment
The judge supported the banker who called the athlete .	The judge supported the banker .	entailment
The banker mentioned the lawyers that resigned .	The banker mentioned the lawyers .	entailment
The authors recognized the president that shouted .	The authors recognized the president .	entailment
The authors recognized the artists who shouted .	The authors recognized the artists .	entailment
The athletes recommended the tourist that the banker recognized .	The athletes recommended the tourist .	entailment
The managers avoided the scientist that the athlete saw .	The managers avoided the scientist .	entailment
The presidents contacted the students that slept .	The presidents contacted the students .	entailment
The presidents admired the secretaries who the professor contacted .	The presidents admired the secretaries .	entailment
The professor recommended the actors that performed .	The professor recommended the actors .	entailment
The secretaries introduced the manager that thanked the athletes .	The secretaries introduced the manager .	entailment
The actor recognized the tourists that arrived .	The actor recognized the tourists .	entailment
The banker recommended the actor that arrived .	The banker recommended the actor .	entailment
The bankers believed the senator that saw the president .	The bankers believed the senator .	entailment
The student saw the tourists who avoided the secretaries .	The student saw the tourists .	entailment
The artists encouraged the managers that mentioned the actor .	The artists encouraged the managers .	entailment
The senator called the president who waited .	The senator called the president .	entailment
The manager supported the secretaries who resigned .	The manager supported the secretaries .	entailment
The actor admired the professors who mentioned the scientist .	The actor admired the professors .	entailment
The students saw the secretary who the athletes encouraged .	The students saw the secretary .	entailment
The student mentioned the actors that danced .	The student mentioned the actors .	entailment
The judge introduced the scientist that called the banker .	The judge introduced the scientist .	entailment
The lawyers mentioned the scientist who resigned .	The lawyers mentioned the scientist .	entailment
The president encouraged the bankers that danced .	The president encouraged the bankers .	entailment
The doctors recognized the scientist who resigned .	The doctors recognized the scientist .	entailment
The artists stopped the actors that the judge avoided .	The artists stopped the actors .	entailment
The bankers thanked the author that waited .	The bankers thanked the author .	entailment
The artist thanked the managers that the senators advised .	The artist thanked the managers .	entailment
The lawyers advised the presidents who waited .	The lawyers advised the presidents .	entailment
The authors believed the secretaries that waited .	The authors believed the secretaries .	entailment
The authors believed the artist that recommended the actors .	The authors believed the artist .	entailment
The actor thanked the athletes who the bankers encouraged .	The actor thanked the athletes .	entailment
The artist mentioned the authors who helped the actor .	The artist mentioned the authors .	entailment
The professor contacted the senators that the scientist stopped .	The professor contacted the senators .	entailment
The tourist encouraged the presidents who helped the professors .	The tourist encouraged the presidents .	entailment
The managers mentioned the banker that encouraged the authors .	The managers mentioned the banker .	entailment
The professors introduced the tourists that the secretaries contacted .	The professors introduced the tourists .	entailment
The author believed the presidents who shouted .	The author believed the presidents .	entailment
The artists mentioned the scientist who advised the lawyer .	The artists mentioned the scientist .	entailment
The presidents introduced the lawyer that danced .	The presidents introduced the lawyer .	entailment
The tourists helped the judges that the banker saw .	The tourists helped the judges .	entailment
The authors stopped the doctors that ran .	The authors stopped the doctors .	entailment
The lawyers contacted the authors that the professor saw .	The lawyers contacted the authors .	entailment
The banker encouraged the senator who the athletes stopped .	The banker encouraged the senator .	entailment
The tourists helped the lawyer that recognized the professor .	The tourists helped the lawyer .	entailment
The judges stopped the president that resigned .	The judges stopped the president .	entailment
The students supported the artists who the banker thanked .	The students supported the artists .	entailment
The athlete avoided the judges who the professors advised .	The athlete avoided the judges .	entailment
The judge supported the artists who mentioned the secretaries .	The judge supported the artists .	entailment
The athletes admired the scientist who resigned .	The athletes admired the scientist .	entailment
The authors contacted the artist who danced .	The authors contacted the artist .	entailment
The bankers recognized the doctor that mentioned the professor .	The bankers recognized the doctor .	entailment
The artists avoided the actors who the scientist contacted .	The artists avoided the actors .	entailment
The students stopped the secretary who supported the senators .	The students stopped the secretary .	entailment
The lawyer avoided the student that supported the author .	The lawyer avoided the student .	entailment
The scientists admired the athletes that the student helped .	The scientists admired the athletes .	entailment
The banker recommended the president who stopped the actor .	The banker recommended the president .	entailment
The author recommended the athlete who contacted the manager .	The author recommended the athlete .	entailment
The athlete advised the student that performed .	The athlete advised the student .	entailment
The senator admired the doctors who avoided the presidents .	The senator admired the doctors .	entailment
The authors avoided the athletes who danced .	The authors avoided the athletes .	entailment
The athletes stopped the author who arrived .	The athletes stopped the author .	entailment
The artists supported the actors who waited .	The artists supported the actors .	entailment
The athlete supported the lawyers who thanked the banker .	The athlete supported the lawyers .	entailment
The bankers mentioned the lawyers who waited .	The bankers mentioned the lawyers .	entailment
The secretary advised the actors who danced .	The secretary advised the actors .	entailment
The professor mentioned the author that recommended the bankers .	The professor mentioned the author .	entailment
The senator stopped the students that the artist helped .	The senator stopped the students .	entailment
The artists called the professor that waited .	The artists called the professor .	entailment
The actor thanked the authors who the manager admired .	The actor thanked the authors .	entailment
The judges avoided the senator who the author thanked .	The judges avoided the senator .	entailment
The senators mentioned the students that the athletes saw .	The senators mentioned the students .	entailment
The professors recommended the actors that the student avoided .	The professors recommended the actors .	entailment
The doctor recommended the judges who performed .	The doctor recommended the judges .	entailment
The artist contacted the secretary that arrived .	The artist contacted the secretary .	entailment
The senator believed the scientists that saw the judge .	The senator believed the scientists .	entailment
The athletes recommended the artists who waited .	The athletes recommended the artists .	entailment
The senator mentioned the manager who admired the bankers .	The senator mentioned the manager .	entailment
The actor recommended the secretary who mentioned the senators .	The actor recommended the secretary .	entailment
The senator believed the students that the artists saw .	The senator believed the students .	entailment
The banker saw the managers who the lawyer mentioned .	The banker saw the managers .	entailment
The doctor saw the actor that the bankers encouraged .	The doctor saw the actor .	entailment
The athletes supported the author who the artists encouraged .	The athletes supported the author .	entailment
The judge avoided the student that saw the actors .	The judge avoided the student .	entailment
The judges introduced the athletes who thanked the president .	The judges introduced the athletes .	entailment
The artists avoided the professor who helped the banker .	The artists avoided the professor .	entailment
The scientist supported the professor that slept .	The scientist supported the professor .	entailment
The manager advised the tourists who supported the author .	The manager advised the tourists .	entailment
The lawyer introduced the judge who waited .	The lawyer introduced the judge .	entailment
The tourist recommended the athlete that mentioned the secretaries .	The tourist recommended the athlete .	entailment
The tourists mentioned the doctor that slept .	The tourists mentioned the doctor .	entailment
The secretary contacted the athlete who the judges called .	The secretary contacted the athlete .	entailment
The authors mentioned the athlete who admired the senator .	The authors mentioned the athlete .	entailment
The authors saw the doctor who the professor admired .	The authors saw the doctor .	entailment
The judges recommended the managers who called the lawyer .	The judges recommended the managers .	entailment
The banker mentioned the scientist that helped the senator .	The banker mentioned the scientist .	entailment
The artists thanked the judge who admired the manager .	The artists thanked the judge .	entailment
The athlete recommended the doctors that the lawyers introduced .	The athlete recommended the doctors .	entailment
The scientists helped the doctor that slept .	The scientists helped the doctor .	entailment
The athletes contacted the lawyer who performed .	The athletes contacted the lawyer .	entailment
The scientist supported the actors who waited .	The scientist supported the actors .	entailment
The professors mentioned the president that the lawyer encouraged .	The professors mentioned the president .	entailment
The presidents called the scientist that resigned .	The presidents called the scientist .	entailment
The judge introduced the lawyers who the scientist advised .	The judge introduced the lawyers .	entailment
The presidents contacted the actor that resigned .	The presidents contacted the actor .	entailment
The professor believed the secretaries who the authors introduced .	The professor believed the secretaries .	entailment
The scientists recognized the presidents who the managers contacted .	The scientists recognized the presidents .	entailment
The president avoided the actor that the professors contacted .	The president avoided the actor .	entailment
The managers stopped the secretaries who the actors avoided .	The managers stopped the secretaries .	entailment
The doctors believed the presidents that stopped the professors .	The doctors believed the presidents .	entailment
The student called the judge that the doctor thanked .	The student called the judge .	entailment
The senators avoided the doctors who the athlete advised .	The senators avoided the doctors .	entailment
The tourists mentioned the doctor who the professors contacted .	The tourists mentioned the doctor .	entailment
The artist supported the secretary that the actor mentioned .	The artist supported the secretary .	entailment
The tourists introduced the athletes that the authors thanked .	The tourists introduced the athletes .	entailment
The tourist admired the scientist that slept .	The tourist admired the scientist .	entailment
The tourists stopped the bankers who mentioned the scientist .	The tourists stopped the bankers .	entailment
The managers advised the senators who admired the actor .	The managers advised the senators .	entailment
The students stopped the artist who resigned .	The students stopped the artist .	entailment
The secretaries helped the author who thanked the president .	The secretaries helped the author .	entailment
The scientists avoided the students who resigned .	The scientists avoided the students .	entailment
The artists believed the lawyer who ran .	The artists believed the lawyer .	entailment
The artists introduced the athletes who the tourist called .	The artists introduced the athletes .	entailment
The scientists saw the banker that introduced the managers .	The scientists saw the banker .	entailment
The actor saw the professors who the senators introduced .	The actor saw the professors .	entailment
The students believed the senator who arrived .	The students believed the senator .	entailment
The judge supported the bankers who slept .	The judge supported the bankers .	entailment
The presidents believed the tourist that introduced the student .	The presidents believed the tourist .	entailment
The secretaries admired the actor who the tourists believed .	The secretaries admired the actor .	entailment
The author saw the banker who danced .	The author saw the banker .	entailment
The doctors called the lawyer who the president recognized .	The doctors called the lawyer .	entailment
The doctors admired the secretaries that resigned .	The doctors admired the secretaries .	entailment
The banker called the judges that the professor helped .	The banker called the judges .	entailment
The scientist mentioned the students that the tourist recognized .	The scientist mentioned the students .	entailment
The doctor thanked the students who arrived .	The doctor thanked the students .	entailment
The authors saw the senators who the artist admired .	The authors saw the senators .	entailment
The tourists helped the president who the actors stopped .	The tourists helped the president .	entailment
The judge encouraged the professors that arrived .	The judge encouraged the professors .	entailment
The artist saw the professor that the presidents supported .	The artist saw the professor .	entailment
The bankers thanked the manager who the presidents supported .	The bankers thanked the manager .	entailment
The doctors admired the artists that performed .	The doctors admired the artists .	entailment
The bankers supported the actor who slept .	The bankers supported the actor .	entailment
The professor recognized the scientist that introduced the tourists .	The professor recognized the scientist .	entailment
The scientists recommended the tourist that recognized the authors .	The scientists recommended the tourist .	entailment
The authors stopped the senators who shouted .	The authors stopped the senators .	entailment
The author saw the scientists who avoided the doctors .	The author saw the scientists .	entailment
The author introduced the professors who helped the doctor .	The author introduced the professors .	entailment
The author admired the bankers that the athlete saw .	The author admired the bankers .	entailment
The banker mentioned the athlete that advised the doctor .	The banker mentioned the athlete .	entailment
The senators contacted the tourists that advised the lawyers .	The senators contacted the tourists .	entailment
The students admired the artists who resigned .	The students admired the artists .	entailment
The actor admired the lawyer that shouted .	The actor admired the lawyer .	entailment
The student advised the presidents who the lawyers avoided .	The student advised the presidents .	entailment
The athletes believed the actors who slept .	The athletes believed the actors .	entailment
The artists advised the secretaries who shouted .	The artists advised the secretaries .	entailment
The senators introduced the authors that the tourists called .	The senators introduced the authors .	entailment
The banker thanked the judge who admired the author .	The banker thanked the judge .	entailment
The managers avoided the president that waited .	The managers avoided the president .	entailment
The secretary introduced the lawyer that slept .	The secretary introduced the lawyer .	entailment
The athlete recommended the author who believed the secretaries .	The athlete recommended the author .	entailment
The doctors introduced the author who encouraged the tourists .	The doctors introduced the author .	entailment
The tourists encouraged the professor that recommended the managers .	The tourists encouraged the professor .	entailment
The artists recommended the lawyers that the president contacted .	The artists recommended the lawyers .	entailment
The students contacted the scientist that shouted .	The students contacted the scientist .	entailment
The lawyer recommended the scientists who the authors believed .	The lawyer recommended the scientists .	entailment
The manager helped the athletes that the lawyer believed .	The manager helped the athletes .	entailment
The secretary thanked the authors that the actors encouraged .	The secretary thanked the authors .	entailment
The lawyers contacted the presidents that the tourists called .	The lawyers contacted the presidents .	entailment
The doctors called the athlete who the artist stopped .	The doctors called the athlete .	entailment
The tourists mentioned the presidents who performed .	The tourists mentioned the presidents .	entailment
The professor saw the actors who performed .	The professor saw the actors .	entailment
The lawyers supported the athlete that waited .	The lawyers supported the athlete .	entailment
The secretaries encouraged the manager that thanked the students .	The secretaries encouraged the manager .	entailment
The actors mentioned the professors who resigned .	The actors mentioned the professors .	entailment
The scientists recommended the athlete that resigned .	The scientists recommended the athlete .	entailment
The actor introduced the judge that performed .	The actor introduced the judge .	entailment
The professors stopped the judge that the athletes mentioned .	The professors stopped the judge .	entailment
The doctor saw the judge that the senators believed .	The doctor saw the judge .	entailment
The senator recognized the professor that arrived .	The senator recognized the professor .	entailment
The tourist believed the student who the authors introduced .	The tourist believed the student .	entailment
The presidents helped the judges who stopped the doctor .	The presidents helped the judges .	entailment
The author encouraged the judge that contacted the tourists .	The author encouraged the judge .	entailment
The lawyers avoided the senator who slept .	The lawyers avoided the senator .	entailment
The senators admired the professors that helped the author .	The senators admired the professors .	entailment
The doctor recommended the tourists who the author saw .	The doctor recommended the tourists .	entailment
The doctor thanked the lawyers who waited .	The doctor thanked the lawyers .	entailment
The athlete advised the actors that admired the judge .	The athlete advised the actors .	entailment
The lawyers believed the students that arrived .	The lawyers believed the students .	entailment
The professor advised the banker who ran .	The professor advised the banker .	entailment
The senator recommended the students who shouted .	The senator recommended the students .	entailment
The scientists introduced the professors who waited .	The scientists introduced the professors .	entailment
The athlete saw the professors who mentioned the student .	The athlete saw the professors .	entailment
The managers mentioned the secretary that advised the authors .	The managers mentioned the secretary .	entailment
The lawyers encouraged the professors that the students saw .	The lawyers encouraged the professors .	entailment
The actor encouraged the secretary that danced .	The actor encouraged the secretary .	entailment
The scientists saw the artists who the author recognized .	The scientists saw the artists .	entailment
The presidents thanked the actors who waited .	The presidents thanked the actors .	entailment
The athletes believed the president that admired the judge .	The athletes believed the president .	entailment
The senators saw the banker that contacted the managers .	The senators saw the banker .	entailment
The student advised the artist that supported the authors .	The student advised the artist .	entailment
The senator recognized the artist who performed .	The senator recognized the artist .	entailment
The senator encouraged the banker who ran .	The senator encouraged the banker .	entailment
The authors thanked the scientist who the presidents stopped .	The authors thanked the scientist .	entailment
The secretaries called the banker that resigned .	The secretaries called the banker .	entailment
The students contacted the tourist that slept .	The students contacted the tourist .	entailment
The judges saw the student that slept .	The judges saw the student .	entailment
The artists advised the lawyers that performed .	The artists advised the lawyers .	entailment
The artists supported the presidents who avoided the manager .	The artists supported the presidents .	entailment
The lawyer advised the actor who supported the professors .	The lawyer advised the actor .	entailment
The tourist stopped the judges who advised the authors .	The tourist stopped the judges .	entailment
The tourists recommended the manager that the authors advised .	The tourists recommended the manager .	entailment
The presidents called the athlete who the artists mentioned .	The presidents called the athlete .	entailment
The author mentioned the managers who danced .	The author mentioned the managers .	entailment
The actors admired the authors who slept .	The actors admired the authors .	entailment
The actor recognized the lawyers that contacted the athlete .	The actor recognized the lawyers .	entailment
The artists contacted the secretary who recommended the senators .	The artists contacted the secretary .	entailment
The actors encouraged the author that resigned .	The actors encouraged the author .	entailment
The manager believed the judges who the president mentioned .	The manager believed the judges .	entailment
The athletes mentioned the secretary that the judge thanked .	The athletes mentioned the secretary .	entailment
The artist stopped the bankers who slept .	The artist stopped the bankers .	entailment
The scientist contacted the secretary who shouted .	The scientist contacted the secretary .	entailment
The tourist contacted the presidents who the artists introduced .	The tourist contacted the presidents .	entailment
The tourist avoided the professors who the doctors helped .	The tourist avoided the professors .	entailment
The tourist avoided the athlete who waited .	The tourist avoided the athlete .	entailment
The professors admired the president who recognized the judge .	The professors admired the president .	entailment
The presidents contacted the artist who resigned .	The presidents contacted the artist .	entailment
The student admired the manager who danced .	The student admired the manager .	entailment
The actors thanked the scientist that danced .	The actors thanked the scientist .	entailment
The artist introduced the presidents that admired the managers .	The artist introduced the presidents .	entailment
The professor mentioned the athlete that the actor believed .	The professor mentioned the athlete .	entailment
The doctor encouraged the presidents that contacted the authors .	The doctor encouraged the presidents .	entailment
The presidents recommended the tourist who the scientists admired .	The presidents recommended the tourist .	entailment
The tourists believed the judges who performed .	The tourists believed the judges .	entailment
The artists contacted the senator that the actor advised .	The artists contacted the senator .	entailment
The athletes avoided the president that the lawyer introduced .	The athletes avoided the president .	entailment
The scientists admired the artist that the actor advised .	The scientists admired the artist .	entailment
The tourist encouraged the senator who the scientists helped .	The tourist encouraged the senator .	entailment
The artists recognized the banker that introduced the president .	The artists recognized the banker .	entailment
The athletes encouraged the doctors who performed .	The athletes encouraged the doctors .	entailment
The actors thanked the tourist who slept .	The actors thanked the tourist .	entailment
The author thanked the athlete who arrived .	The author thanked the athlete .	entailment
The secretary contacted the tourist who ran .	The secretary contacted the tourist .	entailment
The senator recognized the authors who the judge called .	The senator recognized the authors .	entailment
The president believed the actor who shouted .	The president believed the actor .	entailment
The lawyers introduced the artists who the students avoided .	The lawyers introduced the artists .	entailment
The bankers contacted the secretary who resigned .	The bankers contacted the secretary .	entailment
The actor called the president who the manager contacted .	The actor called the president .	entailment
The scientist mentioned the secretary who the student contacted .	The scientist mentioned the secretary .	entailment
The lawyers believed the artist that called the student .	The lawyers believed the artist .	entailment
The lawyers called the judges who ran .	The lawyers called the judges .	entailment
The tourists encouraged the student that introduced the author .	The tourists encouraged the student .	entailment
The presidents stopped the authors that the actors introduced .	The presidents stopped the authors .	entailment
The student mentioned the managers who waited .	The student mentioned the managers .	entailment
The presidents supported the senators who recommended the lawyer .	The presidents supported the senators .	entailment
The students supported the presidents that resigned .	The students supported the presidents .	entailment
The doctor admired the author who resigned .	The doctor admired the author .	entailment
The doctor introduced the tourist that the managers recognized .	The doctor introduced the tourist .	entailment
The actors thanked the athlete who shouted .	The actors thanked the athlete .	entailment
The professors introduced the student that the actors called .	The professors introduced the student .	entailment
The senator advised the authors that the secretary contacted .	The senator advised the authors .	entailment
The doctors admired the presidents who believed the senator .	The doctors admired the presidents .	entailment
The actors encouraged the bankers that the judge supported .	The actors encouraged the bankers .	entailment
The lawyer encouraged the manager who shouted .	The lawyer encouraged the manager .	entailment
The athletes encouraged the tourists who shouted .	The athletes encouraged the tourists .	entailment
The manager supported the actors who performed .	The manager supported the actors .	entailment
The students introduced the secretaries who ran .	The students introduced the secretaries .	entailment
The manager mentioned the banker that shouted .	The manager mentioned the banker .	entailment
The presidents avoided the tourist that contacted the lawyer .	The presidents avoided the tourist .	entailment
The students saw the tourist that waited .	The students saw the tourist .	entailment
The secretary admired the lawyers that the senator supported .	The secretary admired the lawyers .	entailment
The doctor helped the managers that contacted the tourists .	The doctor helped the managers .	entailment
The doctors believed the judges that recommended the students .	The doctors believed the judges .	entailment
The manager contacted the tourists that ran .	The manager contacted the tourists .	entailment
The doctor helped the author who arrived .	The doctor helped the author .	entailment
The doctor supported the scientist who the professor thanked .	The doctor supported the scientist .	entailment
The senator helped the lawyers who resigned .	The senator helped the lawyers .	entailment
The lawyers admired the doctors that slept .	The lawyers admired the doctors .	entailment
The managers thanked the bankers who the judges saw .	The managers thanked the bankers .	entailment
The professor encouraged the managers who waited .	The professor encouraged the managers .	entailment
The professors supported the tourists that advised the athletes .	The professors supported the tourists .	entailment
The athletes saw the artists that shouted .	The athletes saw the artists .	entailment
The scientists believed the banker who recognized the lawyers .	The scientists believed the banker .	entailment
The athletes introduced the actors that mentioned the lawyers .	The athletes introduced the actors .	entailment
The actors believed the athlete that stopped the banker .	The actors believed the athlete .	entailment
The doctors believed the senator who the athletes advised .	The doctors believed the senator .	entailment
The managers called the scientists that the banker advised .	The managers called the scientists .	entailment
The judge thanked the artist that waited .	The judge thanked the artist .	entailment
The professor supported the doctors that the author called .	The professor supported the doctors .	entailment
The senator advised the tourist that avoided the secretary .	The senator advised the tourist .	entailment
The artists helped the senators who waited .	The artists helped the senators .	entailment
The presidents recognized the judge that believed the banker .	The presidents recognized the judge .	entailment
The secretary contacted the judge who arrived .	The secretary contacted the judge .	entailment
The presidents mentioned the doctors who encouraged the actors .	The presidents mentioned the doctors .	entailment
The judges believed the senator who encouraged the banker .	The judges believed the senator .	entailment
The artist believed the tourist that slept .	The artist believed the tourist .	entailment
The author advised the senator that supported the president .	The author advised the senator .	entailment
The doctors thanked the scientists that the manager contacted .	The doctors thanked the scientists .	entailment
The senators called the actors who recommended the artist .	The senators called the actors .	entailment
The athlete stopped the manager that performed .	The athlete stopped the manager .	entailment
The senator called the athlete that arrived .	The senator called the athlete .	entailment
The artist admired the lawyers who danced .	The artist admired the lawyers .	entailment
The tourists recommended the secretary who contacted the professors .	The tourists recommended the secretary .	entailment
The manager contacted the artists that recognized the secretaries .	The manager contacted the artists .	entailment
The author admired the doctor that stopped the secretary .	The author admired the doctor .	entailment
The actor saw the artists who slept .	The actor saw the artists .	entailment
The manager recognized the actor who arrived .	The manager recognized the actor .	entailment
The senators contacted the tourist who the doctor encouraged .	The senators contacted the tourist .	entailment
The actor stopped the artists who resigned .	The actor stopped the artists .	entailment
The artist mentioned the student who encouraged the judges .	The artist mentioned the student .	entailment
The actor thanked the scientists who stopped the authors .	The actor thanked the scientists .	entailment
The doctors believed the tourists who helped the author .	The doctors believed the tourists .	entailment
The scientists advised the manager that contacted the professor .	The scientists advised the manager .	entailment
The professors helped the author that the athlete mentioned .	The professors helped the author .	entailment
The lawyer mentioned the judge that the professor helped .	The lawyer mentioned the judge .	entailment
The banker encouraged the athlete who saw the judge .	The banker encouraged the athlete .	entailment
The professors avoided the doctor that contacted the senator .	The professors avoided the doctor .	entailment
The president stopped the secretaries that performed .	The president stopped the secretaries .	entailment
The banker stopped the scientists who performed .	The banker stopped the scientists .	entailment
The student called the athlete that the scientist believed .	The student called the athlete .	entailment
The manager encouraged the professors that danced .	The manager encouraged the professors .	entailment
The tourists mentioned the doctor that helped the secretaries .	The tourists mentioned the doctor .	entailment
The artist stopped the author that resigned .	The artist stopped the author .	entailment
The tourists recognized the bankers who helped the student .	The tourists recognized the bankers .	entailment
The students supported the bankers that contacted the author .	The students supported the bankers .	entailment
The lawyers avoided the actors who thanked the secretaries .	The lawyers avoided the actors .	entailment
The doctors supported the senator who mentioned the tourist .	The doctors supported the senator .	entailment
The professor helped the artist who the secretary saw .	The professor helped the artist .	entailment
The scientist contacted the doctors that avoided the artists .	The scientist contacted the doctors .	entailment
The artist recognized the scientist that the tourists contacted .	The artist recognized the scientist .	entailment
The athlete saw the author that the judge believed .	The athlete saw the author .	entailment
The tourist encouraged the doctor who the bankers supported .	The tourist encouraged the doctor .	entailment
The author avoided the athletes who thanked the lawyers .	The author avoided the athletes .	entailment
The lawyers mentioned the student who the senator recognized .	The lawyers mentioned the student .	entailment
The manager avoided the actors that advised the authors .	The manager avoided the actors .	entailment
The scientists recognized the professors that stopped the doctors .	The scientists recognized the professors .	entailment
The senators thanked the bankers who the doctor encouraged .	The senators thanked the bankers .	entailment
The scientists advised the artists that stopped the secretary .	The scientists advised the artists .	entailment
The tourists mentioned the lawyers who thanked the actor .	The tourists mentioned the lawyers .	entailment
The manager helped the bankers who recommended the senators .	The manager helped the bankers .	entailment
The artist thanked the judge who admired the secretary .	The artist thanked the judge .	entailment
The athletes helped the secretary who the lawyer called .	The athletes helped the secretary .	entailment
The tourists called the professor who the actor introduced .	The tourists called the professor .	entailment
The scientists thanked the judge who ran .	The scientists thanked the judge .	entailment
The secretary supported the students who waited .	The secretary supported the students .	entailment
The doctor stopped the judges who danced .	The doctor stopped the judges .	entailment
The tourist stopped the authors who slept .	The tourist stopped the authors .	entailment
The secretaries introduced the professor that contacted the author .	The secretaries introduced the professor .	entailment
The professors helped the doctors who saw the lawyers .	The professors helped the doctors .	entailment
The actor helped the bankers that the managers recommended .	The actor helped the bankers .	entailment
The lawyer helped the student that ran .	The lawyer helped the student .	entailment
The athlete saw the bankers that shouted .	The athlete saw the bankers .	entailment
The managers introduced the student who the doctor mentioned .	The managers introduced the student .	entailment
The lawyer thanked the managers who performed .	The lawyer thanked the managers .	entailment
The managers saw the tourist who the banker called .	The managers saw the tourist .	entailment
The scientists recommended the actors who performed .	The scientists recommended the actors .	entailment
The students avoided the professor that recommended the author .	The students avoided the professor .	entailment
The actors contacted the tourists that the president admired .	The actors contacted the tourists .	entailment
The tourist helped the artist who danced .	The tourist helped the artist .	entailment
The senators believed the banker that the authors encouraged .	The senators believed the banker .	entailment
The actors supported the presidents that thanked the judge .	The actors supported the presidents .	entailment
The secretaries called the actor who the student recognized .	The secretaries called the actor .	entailment
The judges supported the students who the authors recommended .	The judges supported the students .	entailment
The presidents contacted the manager who ran .	The presidents contacted the manager .	entailment
The banker mentioned the authors that introduced the artist .	The banker mentioned the authors .	entailment
The scientist introduced the banker that stopped the athlete .	The scientist introduced the banker .	entailment
The doctors recommended the athlete that ran .	The doctors recommended the athlete .	entailment
The students admired the actors who supported the doctor .	The students admired the actors .	entailment
The actors saw the manager who the artists stopped .	The actors saw the manager .	entailment
The author supported the athlete that performed .	The author supported the athlete .	entailment
The athletes recommended the author that danced .	The athletes recommended the author .	entailment
The president recommended the doctor that helped the secretaries .	The president recommended the doctor .	entailment
The actor helped the bankers who the judges supported .	The actor helped the bankers .	entailment
The secretary saw the artist who arrived .	The secretary saw the artist .	entailment
The student called the tourists who performed .	The student called the tourists .	entailment
The judges admired the artist who thanked the tourists .	The judges admired the artist .	entailment
The doctors avoided the artists who the athlete introduced .	The doctors avoided the artists .	entailment
The students supported the artists that thanked the manager .	The students supported the artists .	entailment
The actors advised the athlete who the author avoided .	The actors advised the athlete .	entailment
The senator saw the manager who performed .	The senator saw the manager .	entailment
The president admired the judge that waited .	The president admired the judge .	entailment
The professor avoided the author that the actor stopped .	The professor avoided the author .	entailment
The professor believed the senators that introduced the lawyer .	The professor believed the senators .	entailment
The tourists advised the managers who ran .	The tourists advised the managers .	entailment
The judges recognized the actors who the student contacted .	The judges recognized the actors .	entailment
The lawyer thanked the actor that admired the secretaries .	The lawyer thanked the actor .	entailment
The president saw the judges who supported the lawyer .	The president saw the judges .	entailment
The tourists saw the professor who shouted .	The tourists saw the professor .	entailment
The tourist mentioned the judges who the lawyer recognized .	The tourist mentioned the judges .	entailment
The scientist contacted the banker that recognized the manager .	The scientist contacted the banker .	entailment
The doctors believed the banker that the artist encouraged .	The doctors believed the banker .	entailment
The professors believed the students that slept .	The professors believed the students .	entailment
The judges admired the manager that arrived .	The judges admired the manager .	entailment
The artists admired the bankers that the athlete introduced .	The artists admired the bankers .	entailment
The judges called the tourist that the senator mentioned .	The judges called the tourist .	entailment
The managers introduced the banker that called the author .	The managers introduced the banker .	entailment
The authors helped the presidents that waited .	The authors helped the presidents .	entailment
The manager helped the judge that called the professors .	The manager helped the judge .	entailment
The bankers encouraged the scientists that danced .	The bankers encouraged the scientists .	entailment
The managers called the bankers who the lawyer recommended .	The managers called the bankers .	entailment
The president introduced the bankers that the actors thanked .	The president introduced the bankers .	entailment
The judges recognized the author that slept .	The judges recognized the author .	entailment
The actors believed the managers who the doctor called .	The actors believed the managers .	entailment
The senator recognized the student that recommended the doctors .	The senator recognized the student .	entailment
The athletes stopped the judge who the managers contacted .	The athletes stopped the judge .	entailment
The scientist contacted the actors who arrived .	The scientist contacted the actors .	entailment
The scientists introduced the actor who mentioned the judges .	The scientists introduced the actor .	entailment
The scientist believed the judge that the senators supported .	The scientist believed the judge .	entailment
The judge supported the tourists who the authors believed .	The judge supported the tourists .	entailment
The scientists recognized the student who the manager believed .	The scientists recognized the student .	entailment
The professors thanked the secretaries who avoided the authors .	The professors thanked the secretaries .	entailment
The manager advised the professors who helped the banker .	The manager advised the professors .	entailment
The athlete recommended the presidents that shouted .	The athlete recommended the presidents .	entailment
The manager mentioned the senators who believed the professor .	The manager mentioned the senators .	entailment
The artist believed the actors who slept .	The artist believed the actors .	entailment
The secretaries recognized the actor that mentioned the author .	The secretaries recognized the actor .	entailment
The doctors mentioned the artist that the scientist helped .	The doctors mentioned the artist .	entailment
The artist thanked the tourist who advised the students .	The artist thanked the tourist .	entailment
The secretary admired the professors who called the lawyers .	The secretary admired the professors .	entailment
The managers avoided the doctors that mentioned the athlete .	The managers avoided the doctors .	entailment
The doctors introduced the athlete that the actor saw .	The doctors introduced the athlete .	entailment
The secretary contacted the lawyers that believed the actor .	The secretary contacted the lawyers .	entailment
The tourists helped the authors who the banker contacted .	The tourists helped the authors .	entailment
The students advised the actors who recognized the scientist .	The students advised the actors .	entailment
The athletes recognized the lawyers that the tourist believed .	The athletes recognized the lawyers .	entailment
The bankers admired the professors who recommended the senator .	The bankers admired the professors .	entailment
The scientists contacted the presidents that advised the actors .	The scientists contacted the presidents .	entailment
The authors admired the managers who mentioned the lawyer .	The authors admired the managers .	entailment
The doctors encouraged the lawyer who the athlete mentioned .	The doctors encouraged the lawyer .	entailment
The president avoided the secretary that danced .	The president avoided the secretary .	entailment
The banker admired the athlete that the student stopped .	The banker admired the athlete .	entailment
The judges recognized the lawyers that resigned .	The judges recognized the lawyers .	entailment
The president thanked the senators that recognized the banker .	The president thanked the senators .	entailment
The artists advised the author that mentioned the judge .	The artists advised the author .	entailment
The authors encouraged the professor that the artists avoided .	The authors encouraged the professor .	entailment
The banker advised the lawyers who the tourists supported .	The banker advised the lawyers .	entailment
The actors avoided the artists that danced .	The actors avoided the artists .	entailment
The actors saw the doctor who the athlete advised .	The actors saw the doctor .	entailment
The judges admired the professor that the manager thanked .	The judges admired the professor .	entailment
The manager advised the students who performed .	The manager advised the students .	entailment
The banker introduced the senators that contacted the actors .	The banker introduced the senators .	entailment
The doctor admired the scientists who waited .	The doctor admired the scientists .	entailment
The presidents supported the artist who avoided the scientists .	The presidents supported the artist .	entailment
The managers introduced the senator who the lawyer avoided .	The managers introduced the senator .	entailment
The banker avoided the student who recognized the actor .	The banker avoided the student .	entailment
The managers encouraged the authors that the lawyers stopped .	The managers encouraged the authors .	entailment
The authors helped the professor who mentioned the athlete .	The authors helped the professor .	entailment
The student helped the tourist who the athletes supported .	The student helped the tourist .	entailment
The authors helped the tourist that danced .	The authors helped the tourist .	entailment
The judges mentioned the doctors that believed the artists .	The judges mentioned the doctors .	entailment
The scientists mentioned the secretaries who stopped the senators .	The scientists mentioned the secretaries .	entailment
The student recognized the president who resigned .	The student recognized the president .	entailment
The professor thanked the judges who helped the author .	The professor thanked the judges .	entailment
The managers avoided the author who encouraged the professors .	The managers avoided the author .	entailment
The athletes believed the tourists that shouted .	The athletes believed the tourists .	entailment
The athlete stopped the tourists who admired the artists .	The athlete stopped the tourists .	entailment
The artists called the authors that slept .	The artists called the authors .	entailment
The professors helped the authors who the artist believed .	The professors helped the authors .	entailment
The author contacted the president who resigned .	The author contacted the president .	entailment
The athletes introduced the secretaries that the managers recognized .	The athletes introduced the secretaries .	entailment
The actor recommended the managers who performed .	The actor recommended the managers .	entailment
The scientist introduced the lawyers that the manager saw .	The scientist introduced the lawyers .	entailment
The banker called the secretary who performed .	The banker called the secretary .	entailment
The athletes saw the tourist who danced .	The athletes saw the tourist .	entailment
The artists recommended the authors that the bankers contacted .	The artists recommended the authors .	entailment
The authors saw the scientist who shouted .	The authors saw the scientist .	entailment
The actor admired the scientists that the artists avoided .	The actor admired the scientists .	entailment
The presidents contacted the tourist that the doctors mentioned .	The presidents contacted the tourist .	entailment
The lawyers mentioned the president who saw the athlete .	The lawyers mentioned the president .	entailment
The doctors avoided the banker who the judges recommended .	The doctors avoided the banker .	entailment
The lawyer supported the managers who waited .	The lawyer supported the managers .	entailment
The professor stopped the doctors that recognized the athletes .	The professor stopped the doctors .	entailment
The actors helped the artist that resigned .	The actors helped the artist .	entailment
The scientists introduced the tourist who the actors encouraged .	The scientists introduced the tourist .	entailment
The judge mentioned the actor who the scientist advised .	The judge mentioned the actor .	entailment
The managers saw the professors who danced .	The managers saw the professors .	entailment
The professors called the student who mentioned the presidents .	The professors called the student .	entailment
The senator advised the president that supported the doctors .	The senator advised the president .	entailment
The bankers advised the doctor that the tourist introduced .	The bankers advised the doctor .	entailment
The presidents contacted the tourist who called the artist .	The presidents contacted the tourist .	entailment
The lawyer stopped the actor that danced .	The lawyer stopped the actor .	entailment
The judges encouraged the secretary that avoided the presidents .	The judges encouraged the secretary .	entailment
The artists called the tourist that the manager introduced .	The artists called the tourist .	entailment
The senator believed the students who thanked the lawyer .	The senator believed the students .	entailment
The professors recognized the doctors that waited .	The professors recognized the doctors .	entailment
The author called the professor who arrived .	The author called the professor .	entailment
The scientist contacted the tourists who admired the professor .	The scientist contacted the tourists .	entailment
The doctor introduced the actor that the lawyers recognized .	The doctor introduced the actor .	entailment
The artists saw the judges that slept .	The artists saw the judges .	entailment
The artist avoided the manager that the judge introduced .	The artist avoided the manager .	entailment
The manager saw the actors that admired the athletes .	The manager saw the actors .	entailment
The lawyers believed the artist who the bankers recognized .	The lawyers believed the artist .	entailment
The athletes called the secretaries who performed .	The athletes called the secretaries .	entailment
The artist stopped the manager who shouted .	The artist stopped the manager .	entailment
The scientists advised the athlete that avoided the actor .	The scientists advised the athlete .	entailment
The doctor encouraged the tourist that danced .	The doctor encouraged the tourist .	entailment
The actors avoided the professors that the scientists introduced .	The actors avoided the professors .	entailment
The professors recognized the judge that resigned .	The professors recognized the judge .	entailment
The authors admired the scientists who stopped the doctor .	The authors admired the scientists .	entailment
The professor called the manager that resigned .	The professor called the manager .	entailment
The athlete recommended the student who performed .	The athlete recommended the student .	entailment
The judges mentioned the senators that recognized the bankers .	The judges mentioned the senators .	entailment
The judges believed the actor that performed .	The judges believed the actor .	entailment
The students encouraged the athlete who the actor admired .	The students encouraged the athlete .	entailment
The secretary contacted the scientist who advised the professors .	The secretary contacted the scientist .	entailment
The lawyer recognized the author who avoided the secretaries .	The lawyer recognized the author .	entailment
The artist helped the bankers who resigned .	The artist helped the bankers .	entailment
The professor admired the students who recognized the bankers .	The professor admired the students .	entailment
The athlete saw the secretaries who advised the senators .	The athlete saw the secretaries .	entailment
The managers mentioned the doctors that avoided the lawyer .	The managers mentioned the doctors .	entailment
The scientists thanked the artists that the president recommended .	The scientists thanked the artists .	entailment
The author introduced the doctors that saw the athletes .	The author introduced the doctors .	entailment
The bankers contacted the manager who supported the athletes .	The bankers contacted the manager .	entailment
The scientists recognized the athlete that advised the authors .	The scientists recognized the athlete .	entailment
The judge recognized the authors that the athlete recommended .	The judge recognized the authors .	entailment
The tourist thanked the secretary that the senators advised .	The tourist thanked the secretary .	entailment
The professor saw the tourists that the athletes mentioned .	The professor saw the tourists .	entailment
The athlete stopped the judges that the doctors advised .	The athlete stopped the judges .	entailment
The judge admired the author that the manager recommended .	The judge admired the author .	entailment
The lawyer believed the doctors who performed .	The lawyer believed the doctors .	entailment
The senators saw the athletes who resigned .	The senators saw the athletes .	entailment
The doctors saw the managers who slept .	The doctors saw the managers .	entailment
The tourists recognized the managers that avoided the authors .	The tourists recognized the managers .	entailment
The doctor admired the authors that waited .	The doctor admired the authors .	entailment
The doctor stopped the actors that danced .	The doctor stopped the actors .	entailment
The athlete supported the senators that waited .	The athlete supported the senators .	entailment
The student encouraged the bankers who the senator recognized .	The student encouraged the bankers .	entailment
The student saw the tourist that the bankers contacted .	The student saw the tourist .	entailment
The president helped the senators who advised the manager .	The president helped the senators .	entailment
The president called the scientists who ran .	The president called the scientists .	entailment
The senator believed the judge that the tourist thanked .	The senator believed the judge .	entailment
The president avoided the lawyers who saw the scientists .	The president avoided the lawyers .	entailment
The professor stopped the scientists who ran .	The professor stopped the scientists .	entailment
The athletes supported the students that encouraged the senators .	The athletes supported the students .	entailment
The tourists thanked the athletes that waited .	The tourists thanked the athletes .	entailment
The judge encouraged the athletes that helped the manager .	The judge encouraged the athletes .	entailment
The student recommended the judges who the lawyer advised .	The student recommended the judges .	entailment
The student introduced the actor who the professors thanked .	The student introduced the actor .	entailment
The senator contacted the secretaries that the judges mentioned .	The senator contacted the secretaries .	entailment
The managers recognized the banker that supported the athlete .	The managers recognized the banker .	entailment
The doctors avoided the scientist who shouted .	The doctors avoided the scientist .	entailment
The professor recognized the manager that the lawyer introduced .	The professor recognized the manager .	entailment
The scientist supported the banker that resigned .	The scientist supported the banker .	entailment
The managers called the presidents that ran .	The managers called the presidents .	entailment
The doctor avoided the athlete that supported the scientists .	The doctor avoided the athlete .	entailment
The managers admired the judge that encouraged the scientists .	The managers admired the judge .	entailment
The athletes helped the scientist that danced .	The athletes helped the scientist .	entailment
The professor stopped the authors who arrived .	The professor stopped the authors .	entailment
The senators admired the professor that thanked the secretary .	The senators admired the professor .	entailment
The actor helped the scientist that the judges contacted .	The actor helped the scientist .	entailment
The author supported the tourists who arrived .	The author supported the tourists .	entailment
The presidents helped the tourists that ran .	The presidents helped the tourists .	entailment
The artist recommended the banker who helped the judges .	The artist recommended the banker .	entailment
The banker avoided the senators that the students admired .	The banker avoided the senators .	entailment
The lawyer encouraged the managers who recognized the senator .	The lawyer encouraged the managers .	entailment
The athlete saw the scientists that resigned .	The athlete saw the scientists .	entailment
The manager called the scientist who the lawyers recognized .	The manager called the scientist .	entailment
The bankers recognized the actor that the secretary introduced .	The bankers recognized the actor .	entailment
The judge supported the senator who admired the author .	The judge supported the senator .	entailment
The tourists recognized the scientist who performed .	The tourists recognized the scientist .	entailment
The president supported the author that the actors saw .	The president supported the author .	entailment
The tourist mentioned the secretary who performed .	The tourist mentioned the secretary .	entailment
The banker advised the manager that avoided the president .	The banker advised the manager .	entailment
The lawyers mentioned the professor that the judges introduced .	The lawyers mentioned the professor .	entailment
The athlete stopped the scientist that avoided the authors .	The athlete stopped the scientist .	entailment
The authors recommended the doctor that believed the scientists .	The authors recommended the doctor .	entailment
The artist thanked the secretaries that the doctor encouraged .	The artist thanked the secretaries .	entailment
The professors helped the managers who advised the artist .	The professors helped the managers .	entailment
The president recognized the student that the secretary stopped .	The president recognized the student .	entailment
The secretaries advised the authors that believed the student .	The secretaries advised the authors .	entailment
The presidents introduced the doctors who recommended the students .	The presidents introduced the doctors .	entailment
The student saw the actor that introduced the president .	The student saw the actor .	entailment
The professors believed the authors that ran .	The professors believed the authors .	entailment
The tourist mentioned the judges that shouted .	The tourist mentioned the judges .	entailment
The artists recommended the tourists that shouted .	The artists recommended the tourists .	entailment
The artists contacted the tourists who ran .	The artists contacted the tourists .	entailment
The senator recommended the tourist who believed the managers .	The senator recommended the tourist .	entailment
The manager supported the athlete that saw the authors .	The manager supported the athlete .	entailment
The scientist believed the tourist who stopped the authors .	The scientist believed the tourist .	entailment
The senators believed the lawyers who admired the tourist .	The senators believed the lawyers .	entailment
The tourist admired the professor who performed .	The tourist admired the professor .	entailment
The senator stopped the tourist that the managers contacted .	The senator stopped the tourist .	entailment
The scientist introduced the student who the athlete called .	The scientist introduced the student .	entailment
The presidents helped the doctor that shouted .	The presidents helped the doctor .	entailment
The actor introduced the managers who waited .	The actor introduced the managers .	entailment
The actor helped the athletes that the author contacted .	The actor helped the athletes .	entailment
The doctor mentioned the professor who slept .	The doctor mentioned the professor .	entailment
The scientist thanked the manager that contacted the banker .	The scientist thanked the manager .	entailment
The bankers encouraged the doctors who the actors believed .	The bankers encouraged the doctors .	entailment
The student helped the senator that called the judge .	The student helped the senator .	entailment
The lawyer saw the professor who danced .	The lawyer saw the professor .	entailment
The banker contacted the secretary who danced .	The banker contacted the secretary .	entailment
The actor advised the scientist that danced .	The actor advised the scientist .	entailment
The author advised the senators that avoided the presidents .	The author advised the senators .	entailment
The tourists mentioned the senator who the scientists stopped .	The tourists mentioned the senator .	entailment
The scientist called the actor who arrived .	The scientist called the actor .	entailment
The professors recognized the lawyers that the scientists believed .	The professors recognized the lawyers .	entailment
The actor introduced the professor that admired the scientist .	The actor introduced the professor .	entailment
The authors recognized the banker who slept .	The authors recognized the banker .	entailment
The judge helped the tourist that saw the professor .	The judge helped the tourist .	entailment
The actors encouraged the senators that recommended the banker .	The actors encouraged the senators .	entailment
The athlete believed the actor who saw the professor .	The athlete believed the actor .	entailment
The judges thanked the actor that slept .	The judges thanked the actor .	entailment
The scientist mentioned the senator who the athletes saw .	The scientist mentioned the senator .	entailment
The banker thanked the judge who slept .	The banker thanked the judge .	entailment
The banker recognized the tourist who the senator supported .	The banker recognized the tourist .	entailment
The athlete stopped the doctors who slept .	The athlete stopped the doctors .	entailment
The professor recognized the bankers who the athlete believed .	The professor recognized the bankers .	entailment
The authors believed the professor who the managers thanked .	The authors believed the professor .	entailment
The athletes called the doctor who the professor admired .	The athletes called the doctor .	entailment
The scientist called the artists that performed .	The scientist called the artists .	entailment
The secretaries advised the senators by the athletes .	The secretaries advised the senators .	entailment
The authors thanked the athletes in front of the lawyers .	The authors thanked the athletes .	entailment
The authors supported the judges in front of the doctor .	The authors supported the judges .	entailment
The tourist recommended the banker next to the presidents .	The tourist recommended the banker .	entailment
The senator recognized the secretaries behind the athlete .	The senator recognized the secretaries .	entailment
The professor called the student in front of the secretary .	The professor called the student .	entailment
The authors advised the judge in front of the managers .	The authors advised the judge .	entailment
The actor stopped the professor in front of the student .	The actor stopped the professor .	entailment
The banker contacted the judges by the scientists .	The banker contacted the judges .	entailment
The professor recommended the president in front of the author .	The professor recommended the president .	entailment
The artists recognized the scientist in front of the banker .	The artists recognized the scientist .	entailment
The professors avoided the presidents in front of the actor .	The professors avoided the presidents .	entailment
The bankers recommended the authors in front of the athletes .	The bankers recommended the authors .	entailment
The secretary recommended the judges in front of the authors .	The secretary recommended the judges .	entailment
The scientists saw the actor by the professor .	The scientists saw the actor .	entailment
The lawyer stopped the athletes by the student .	The lawyer stopped the athletes .	entailment
The artists supported the presidents behind the lawyers .	The artists supported the presidents .	entailment
The actor thanked the doctors in front of the student .	The actor thanked the doctors .	entailment
The lawyers advised the athlete near the senators .	The lawyers advised the athlete .	entailment
The professors called the scientist near the author .	The professors called the scientist .	entailment
The secretary contacted the tourist next to the lawyer .	The secretary contacted the tourist .	entailment
The students mentioned the senator next to the lawyer .	The students mentioned the senator .	entailment
The athlete helped the judge next to the student .	The athlete helped the judge .	entailment
The professors believed the author in front of the senator .	The professors believed the author .	entailment
The student recognized the artist by the professors .	The student recognized the artist .	entailment
The professors saw the presidents behind the lawyers .	The professors saw the presidents .	entailment
The secretaries recommended the artists near the presidents .	The secretaries recommended the artists .	entailment
The senator recognized the actor next to the artists .	The senator recognized the actor .	entailment
The secretary introduced the senator by the tourists .	The secretary introduced the senator .	entailment
The artists introduced the professor by the athletes .	The artists introduced the professor .	entailment
The judge supported the doctors next to the scientist .	The judge supported the doctors .	entailment
The professor advised the artist behind the banker .	The professor advised the artist .	entailment
The scientist called the artists behind the student .	The scientist called the artists .	entailment
The students believed the tourist in front of the athlete .	The students believed the tourist .	entailment
The artists contacted the actors behind the judges .	The artists contacted the actors .	entailment
The actor helped the author in front of the artist .	The actor helped the author .	entailment
The scientists supported the students near the judges .	The scientists supported the students .	entailment
The students mentioned the banker next to the artists .	The students mentioned the banker .	entailment
The artists helped the president by the tourist .	The artists helped the president .	entailment
The manager admired the authors next to the professors .	The manager admired the authors .	entailment
The manager advised the artists behind the lawyer .	The manager advised the artists .	entailment
The tourists stopped the bankers next to the managers .	The tourists stopped the bankers .	entailment
The doctor recognized the secretary behind the authors .	The doctor recognized the secretary .	entailment
The presidents recognized the bankers by the secretary .	The presidents recognized the bankers .	entailment
The senators contacted the athletes by the professor .	The senators contacted the athletes .	entailment
The artist recommended the banker by the scientist .	The artist recommended the banker .	entailment
The artist admired the professor next to the lawyer .	The artist admired the professor .	entailment
The judges avoided the senators by the authors .	The judges avoided the senators .	entailment
The students recognized the secretary next to the banker .	The students recognized the secretary .	entailment
The students stopped the lawyers behind the tourist .	The students stopped the lawyers .	entailment
The student supported the actors in front of the bankers .	The student supported the actors .	entailment
The scientist thanked the judge in front of the tourist .	The scientist thanked the judge .	entailment
The tourist recommended the presidents next to the student .	The tourist recommended the presidents .	entailment
The presidents encouraged the doctor by the actors .	The presidents encouraged the doctor .	entailment
The student called the authors in front of the artist .	The student called the authors .	entailment
The senator called the students in front of the professor .	The senator called the students .	entailment
The judge contacted the doctors near the athletes .	The judge contacted the doctors .	entailment
The athletes contacted the senator next to the managers .	The athletes contacted the senator .	entailment
The senator recognized the judges near the actor .	The senator recognized the judges .	entailment
The tourist stopped the secretaries near the professors .	The tourist stopped the secretaries .	entailment
The students called the author next to the athlete .	The students called the author .	entailment
The professor mentioned the doctors in front of the author .	The professor mentioned the doctors .	entailment
The tourists recommended the secretaries near the senator .	The tourists recommended the secretaries .	entailment
The presidents avoided the lawyers next to the bankers .	The presidents avoided the lawyers .	entailment
The authors encouraged the judge by the athlete .	The authors encouraged the judge .	entailment
The lawyer stopped the professor by the manager .	The lawyer stopped the professor .	entailment
The doctor advised the professors next to the managers .	The doctor advised the professors .	entailment
The student called the senator next to the judges .	The student called the senator .	entailment
The athletes introduced the lawyer by the senators .	The athletes introduced the lawyer .	entailment
The president believed the athlete next to the lawyer .	The president believed the athlete .	entailment
The bankers thanked the artist by the professor .	The bankers thanked the artist .	entailment
The president recommended the judges in front of the tourists .	The president recommended the judges .	entailment
The authors recognized the judge behind the lawyer .	The authors recognized the judge .	entailment
The actors encouraged the managers near the tourist .	The actors encouraged the managers .	entailment
The president recognized the author behind the tourist .	The president recognized the author .	entailment
The artists encouraged the lawyers in front of the judges .	The artists encouraged the lawyers .	entailment
The judge helped the artists next to the author .	The judge helped the artists .	entailment
The secretary called the presidents near the manager .	The secretary called the presidents .	entailment
The actor advised the artist in front of the secretary .	The actor advised the artist .	entailment
The bankers introduced the professor next to the manager .	The bankers introduced the professor .	entailment
The author stopped the tourists in front of the scientist .	The author stopped the tourists .	entailment
The student mentioned the scientist near the manager .	The student mentioned the scientist .	entailment
The judges called the professors by the president .	The judges called the professors .	entailment
The professors admired the senator next to the judges .	The professors admired the senator .	entailment
The senator believed the judges near the bankers .	The senator believed the judges .	entailment
The doctors contacted the presidents next to the judge .	The doctors contacted the presidents .	entailment
The judges encouraged the student in front of the senators .	The judges encouraged the student .	entailment
The president recommended the professor by the tourist .	The president recommended the professor .	entailment
The tourists called the actors in front of the artist .	The tourists called the actors .	entailment
The bankers mentioned the artists by the secretary .	The bankers mentioned the artists .	entailment
The author stopped the artists in front of the secretary .	The author stopped the artists .	entailment
The professor advised the students by the judges .	The professor advised the students .	entailment
The artists supported the doctors next to the athletes .	The artists supported the doctors .	entailment
The professors helped the bankers in front of the scientist .	The professors helped the bankers .	entailment
The judge called the authors in front of the student .	The judge called the authors .	entailment
The students thanked the banker next to the artist .	The students thanked the banker .	entailment
The artists supported the doctors behind the president .	The artists supported the doctors .	entailment
The lawyers contacted the manager by the professor .	The lawyers contacted the manager .	entailment
The actor recognized the president in front of the tourists .	The actor recognized the president .	entailment
The athletes avoided the artist in front of the author .	The athletes avoided the artist .	entailment
The bankers believed the student behind the actors .	The bankers believed the student .	entailment
The professor advised the scientists in front of the judge .	The professor advised the scientists .	entailment
The judge helped the manager by the doctors .	The judge helped the manager .	entailment
The secretary mentioned the professors by the author .	The secretary mentioned the professors .	entailment
The secretary supported the tourist by the actor .	The secretary supported the tourist .	entailment
The presidents recognized the professors behind the tourists .	The presidents recognized the professors .	entailment
The banker mentioned the lawyer behind the judge .	The banker mentioned the lawyer .	entailment
The student believed the managers behind the scientist .	The student believed the managers .	entailment
The managers contacted the lawyer next to the artists .	The managers contacted the lawyer .	entailment
The lawyer thanked the students in front of the athletes .	The lawyer thanked the students .	entailment
The athlete called the senator next to the judges .	The athlete called the senator .	entailment
The scientists admired the doctor near the student .	The scientists admired the doctor .	entailment
The presidents saw the scientist next to the senators .	The presidents saw the scientist .	entailment
The scientists advised the banker by the senators .	The scientists advised the banker .	entailment
The tourists recommended the manager in front of the lawyers .	The tourists recommended the manager .	entailment
The doctor recognized the actor next to the professors .	The doctor recognized the actor .	entailment
The bankers avoided the professor behind the doctor .	The bankers avoided the professor .	entailment
The banker saw the manager behind the judges .	The banker saw the manager .	entailment
The scientist encouraged the manager by the judges .	The scientist encouraged the manager .	entailment
The banker mentioned the tourist next to the student .	The banker mentioned the tourist .	entailment
The scientists supported the professor in front of the athlete .	The scientists supported the professor .	entailment
The student advised the athlete behind the secretary .	The student advised the athlete .	entailment
The scientists recommended the artists behind the presidents .	The scientists recommended the artists .	entailment
The secretaries called the doctor behind the senators .	The secretaries called the doctor .	entailment
The secretary introduced the actors behind the scientists .	The secretary introduced the actors .	entailment
The athlete thanked the professors near the student .	The athlete thanked the professors .	entailment
The actors called the lawyers behind the tourists .	The actors called the lawyers .	entailment
The authors believed the manager behind the professors .	The authors believed the manager .	entailment
The senators stopped the judge by the tourists .	The senators stopped the judge .	entailment
The judges contacted the student next to the tourist .	The judges contacted the student .	entailment
The banker thanked the authors near the artist .	The banker thanked the authors .	entailment
The doctor introduced the managers in front of the students .	The doctor introduced the managers .	entailment
The manager mentioned the doctor next to the professors .	The manager mentioned the doctor .	entailment
The tourists thanked the president behind the doctors .	The tourists thanked the president .	entailment
The bankers thanked the artists behind the judge .	The bankers thanked the artists .	entailment
The banker believed the tourists next to the artist .	The banker believed the tourists .	entailment
The president recognized the manager by the artist .	The president recognized the manager .	entailment
The judges introduced the scientists by the professors .	The judges introduced the scientists .	entailment
The athlete introduced the doctor behind the students .	The athlete introduced the doctor .	entailment
The presidents recommended the professor by the athlete .	The presidents recommended the professor .	entailment
The scientist stopped the athlete in front of the actors .	The scientist stopped the athlete .	entailment
The authors admired the artists behind the tourist .	The authors admired the artists .	entailment
The presidents recommended the secretary near the professors .	The presidents recommended the secretary .	entailment
The scientists saw the judge in front of the lawyer .	The scientists saw the judge .	entailment
The senators admired the tourists behind the students .	The senators admired the tourists .	entailment
The banker recognized the author near the doctors .	The banker recognized the author .	entailment
The professors encouraged the senator in front of the banker .	The professors encouraged the senator .	entailment
The doctors contacted the actor next to the athletes .	The doctors contacted the actor .	entailment
The banker recognized the artist behind the secretary .	The banker recognized the artist .	entailment
The manager introduced the banker by the secretary .	The manager introduced the banker .	entailment
The presidents introduced the lawyer behind the authors .	The presidents introduced the lawyer .	entailment
The judge stopped the lawyer near the manager .	The judge stopped the lawyer .	entailment
The president recognized the athlete next to the student .	The president recognized the athlete .	entailment
The lawyers called the scientist in front of the presidents .	The lawyers called the scientist .	entailment
The judge admired the managers in front of the tourist .	The judge admired the managers .	entailment
The president contacted the athletes near the lawyers .	The president contacted the athletes .	entailment
The managers contacted the senator in front of the banker .	The managers contacted the senator .	entailment
The artist helped the professor next to the senator .	The artist helped the professor .	entailment
The lawyers called the professor in front of the senators .	The lawyers called the professor .	entailment
The authors believed the student by the actor .	The authors believed the student .	entailment
The lawyers introduced the secretary by the professor .	The lawyers introduced the secretary .	entailment
The athlete introduced the artists next to the tourist .	The athlete introduced the artists .	entailment
The judges thanked the professor in front of the tourist .	The judges thanked the professor .	entailment
The authors supported the secretary next to the tourist .	The authors supported the secretary .	entailment
The athletes called the banker next to the lawyers .	The athletes called the banker .	entailment
The scientists admired the lawyer next to the actor .	The scientists admired the lawyer .	entailment
The doctors introduced the professor in front of the author .	The doctors introduced the professor .	entailment
The banker contacted the artist in front of the judges .	The banker contacted the artist .	entailment
The tourist stopped the artist by the scientists .	The tourist stopped the artist .	entailment
The athletes admired the students by the artists .	The athletes admired the students .	entailment
The lawyer encouraged the judge next to the scientist .	The lawyer encouraged the judge .	entailment
The president called the doctors next to the manager .	The president called the doctors .	entailment
The professors thanked the bankers next to the manager .	The professors thanked the bankers .	entailment
The student called the author behind the lawyers .	The student called the author .	entailment
The scientist mentioned the actors next to the lawyers .	The scientist mentioned the actors .	entailment
The scientist supported the president by the tourist .	The scientist supported the president .	entailment
The presidents mentioned the lawyer behind the secretary .	The presidents mentioned the lawyer .	entailment
The authors thanked the judges behind the lawyers .	The authors thanked the judges .	entailment
The president advised the bankers behind the lawyers .	The president advised the bankers .	entailment
The tourists avoided the doctors by the professor .	The tourists avoided the doctors .	entailment
The artist saw the professor behind the tourist .	The artist saw the professor .	entailment
The scientists introduced the secretaries near the judges .	The scientists introduced the secretaries .	entailment
The senator saw the student by the managers .	The senator saw the student .	entailment
The senators believed the professors next to the athletes .	The senators believed the professors .	entailment
The senators helped the secretary in front of the artist .	The senators helped the secretary .	entailment
The doctors believed the professor near the scientist .	The doctors believed the professor .	entailment
The doctors called the judge near the secretaries .	The doctors called the judge .	entailment
The athlete called the judges near the author .	The athlete called the judges .	entailment
The lawyer introduced the artists by the bankers .	The lawyer introduced the artists .	entailment
The judges avoided the tourists next to the author .	The judges avoided the tourists .	entailment
The author recognized the president in front of the judge .	The author recognized the president .	entailment
The professors advised the manager in front of the senators .	The professors advised the manager .	entailment
The tourists recommended the doctor by the author .	The tourists recommended the doctor .	entailment
The athlete helped the scientists behind the doctor .	The athlete helped the scientists .	entailment
The scientist helped the student in front of the doctor .	The scientist helped the student .	entailment
The lawyers thanked the tourist near the professor .	The lawyers thanked the tourist .	entailment
The presidents introduced the secretary next to the athlete .	The presidents introduced the secretary .	entailment
The athletes believed the secretaries by the scientist .	The athletes believed the secretaries .	entailment
The tourists recognized the presidents by the athlete .	The tourists recognized the presidents .	entailment
The lawyers believed the professor by the secretaries .	The lawyers believed the professor .	entailment
The judge mentioned the tourists by the scientists .	The judge mentioned the tourists .	entailment
The athletes contacted the professors behind the artists .	The athletes contacted the professors .	entailment
The secretaries admired the presidents in front of the doctors .	The secretaries admired the presidents .	entailment
The doctors stopped the manager in front of the banker .	The doctors stopped the manager .	entailment
The banker encouraged the president next to the secretaries .	The banker encouraged the president .	entailment
The student thanked the doctors in front of the lawyer .	The student thanked the doctors .	entailment
The athletes recommended the students next to the judges .	The athletes recommended the students .	entailment
The tourist avoided the scientists in front of the artist .	The tourist avoided the scientists .	entailment
The secretaries contacted the student next to the tourist .	The secretaries contacted the student .	entailment
The secretaries stopped the professor in front of the president .	The secretaries stopped the professor .	entailment
The artists introduced the managers by the scientists .	The artists introduced the managers .	entailment
The tourist saw the secretaries behind the managers .	The tourist saw the secretaries .	entailment
The student mentioned the professors next to the scientist .	The student mentioned the professors .	entailment
The athletes advised the lawyer in front of the managers .	The athletes advised the lawyer .	entailment
The professors called the president in front of the authors .	The professors called the president .	entailment
The student advised the judges near the bankers .	The student advised the judges .	entailment
The lawyer contacted the tourists near the artist .	The lawyer contacted the tourists .	entailment
The actors thanked the athlete by the authors .	The actors thanked the athlete .	entailment
The presidents recognized the judges in front of the author .	The presidents recognized the judges .	entailment
The secretary avoided the scientists next to the banker .	The secretary avoided the scientists .	entailment
The authors supported the athletes by the doctors .	The authors supported the athletes .	entailment
The senator believed the tourist in front of the secretary .	The senator believed the tourist .	entailment
The secretary advised the artists by the managers .	The secretary advised the artists .	entailment
The scientist contacted the bankers near the judge .	The scientist contacted the bankers .	entailment
The tourist supported the actors in front of the secretaries .	The tourist supported the actors .	entailment
The student encouraged the judges next to the professor .	The student encouraged the judges .	entailment
The secretaries called the doctors behind the managers .	The secretaries called the doctors .	entailment
The secretary saw the tourists near the bankers .	The secretary saw the tourists .	entailment
The author stopped the professors in front of the senator .	The author stopped the professors .	entailment
The presidents admired the students near the tourist .	The presidents admired the students .	entailment
The artist helped the scientist in front of the tourists .	The artist helped the scientist .	entailment
The athlete avoided the authors in front of the scientist .	The athlete avoided the authors .	entailment
The actors called the secretary by the artists .	The actors called the secretary .	entailment
The artists admired the tourists next to the author .	The artists admired the tourists .	entailment
The artist encouraged the students near the tourist .	The artist encouraged the students .	entailment
The actors contacted the athlete near the student .	The actors contacted the athlete .	entailment
The banker called the secretaries in front of the artist .	The banker called the secretaries .	entailment
The doctor called the lawyer by the scientists .	The doctor called the lawyer .	entailment
The senator believed the judge behind the bankers .	The senator believed the judge .	entailment
The managers avoided the doctor in front of the bankers .	The managers avoided the doctor .	entailment
The authors introduced the judge by the doctor .	The authors introduced the judge .	entailment
The artist advised the scientist next to the lawyers .	The artist advised the scientist .	entailment
The scientists encouraged the doctors in front of the authors .	The scientists encouraged the doctors .	entailment
The professor helped the doctors in front of the student .	The professor helped the doctors .	entailment
The presidents mentioned the bankers by the secretaries .	The presidents mentioned the bankers .	entailment
The banker contacted the tourist by the scientists .	The banker contacted the tourist .	entailment
The senator supported the athlete by the banker .	The senator supported the athlete .	entailment
The tourists avoided the president by the actor .	The tourists avoided the president .	entailment
The lawyer thanked the student near the scientist .	The lawyer thanked the student .	entailment
The athletes admired the judge behind the senator .	The athletes admired the judge .	entailment
The banker avoided the lawyers near the senator .	The banker avoided the lawyers .	entailment
The athlete helped the banker behind the author .	The athlete helped the banker .	entailment
The scientist advised the athlete in front of the author .	The scientist advised the athlete .	entailment
The doctors thanked the scientist by the actors .	The doctors thanked the scientist .	entailment
The artists helped the author next to the president .	The artists helped the author .	entailment
The judge recommended the tourists behind the senators .	The judge recommended the tourists .	entailment
The professors advised the president near the scientists .	The professors advised the president .	entailment
The secretaries called the judges next to the doctor .	The secretaries called the judges .	entailment
The athletes avoided the judge in front of the presidents .	The athletes avoided the judge .	entailment
The tourist recommended the doctors in front of the senator .	The tourist recommended the doctors .	entailment
The doctor helped the artist near the authors .	The doctor helped the artist .	entailment
The artist admired the actors in front of the authors .	The artist admired the actors .	entailment
The artists recognized the student by the bankers .	The artists recognized the student .	entailment
The scientists believed the doctors behind the bankers .	The scientists believed the doctors .	entailment
The scientist recommended the senator by the professor .	The scientist recommended the senator .	entailment
The athlete advised the doctor next to the secretary .	The athlete advised the doctor .	entailment
The athlete contacted the artists by the judge .	The athlete contacted the artists .	entailment
The judges introduced the athlete next to the scientists .	The judges introduced the athlete .	entailment
The authors contacted the senator in front of the secretary .	The authors contacted the senator .	entailment
The secretaries saw the author near the athletes .	The secretaries saw the author .	entailment
The managers recognized the athlete by the actor .	The managers recognized the athlete .	entailment
The tourists avoided the senator by the secretary .	The tourists avoided the senator .	entailment
The doctor introduced the president by the secretary .	The doctor introduced the president .	entailment
The presidents supported the judge near the professors .	The presidents supported the judge .	entailment
The professor recognized the artists in front of the author .	The professor recognized the artists .	entailment
The judges advised the senators by the manager .	The judges advised the senators .	entailment
The author contacted the student next to the senator .	The author contacted the student .	entailment
The judges mentioned the student next to the doctors .	The judges mentioned the student .	entailment
The manager stopped the scientists next to the artist .	The manager stopped the scientists .	entailment
The professors thanked the senator behind the judge .	The professors thanked the senator .	entailment
The tourists stopped the professor near the actors .	The tourists stopped the professor .	entailment
The senators mentioned the professors behind the presidents .	The senators mentioned the professors .	entailment
The secretary stopped the actor by the manager .	The secretary stopped the actor .	entailment
The managers encouraged the student behind the authors .	The managers encouraged the student .	entailment
The lawyers supported the athlete near the actors .	The lawyers supported the athlete .	entailment
The artist encouraged the judges next to the author .	The artist encouraged the judges .	entailment
The artist encouraged the judges next to the managers .	The artist encouraged the judges .	entailment
The bankers supported the president in front of the judges .	The bankers supported the president .	entailment
The doctor introduced the judge next to the students .	The doctor introduced the judge .	entailment
The athletes contacted the doctors in front of the judges .	The athletes contacted the doctors .	entailment
The athlete introduced the author in front of the lawyer .	The athlete introduced the author .	entailment
The lawyers stopped the managers next to the actors .	The lawyers stopped the managers .	entailment
The lawyers advised the artist in front of the doctors .	The lawyers advised the artist .	entailment
The artists contacted the actor next to the athletes .	The artists contacted the actor .	entailment
The doctors avoided the athlete near the author .	The doctors avoided the athlete .	entailment
The senator contacted the manager behind the scientists .	The senator contacted the manager .	entailment
The students advised the judges behind the actors .	The students advised the judges .	entailment
The artist supported the authors behind the doctors .	The artist supported the authors .	entailment
The managers advised the senator next to the president .	The managers advised the senator .	entailment
The student avoided the presidents behind the artist .	The student avoided the presidents .	entailment
The artist avoided the president behind the scientist .	The artist avoided the president .	entailment
The artists believed the bankers in front of the professors .	The artists believed the bankers .	entailment
The lawyers mentioned the author in front of the student .	The lawyers mentioned the author .	entailment
The lawyer recommended the president behind the bankers .	The lawyer recommended the president .	entailment
The secretaries advised the tourists next to the senator .	The secretaries advised the tourists .	entailment
The authors advised the student behind the judge .	The authors advised the student .	entailment
The judge contacted the presidents by the students .	The judge contacted the presidents .	entailment
The tourist introduced the senators near the presidents .	The tourist introduced the senators .	entailment
The senator contacted the athletes near the author .	The senator contacted the athletes .	entailment
The athletes admired the doctors next to the lawyer .	The athletes admired the doctors .	entailment
The tourist mentioned the banker near the actors .	The tourist mentioned the banker .	entailment
The judges stopped the author behind the senators .	The judges stopped the author .	entailment
The judges contacted the students next to the secretaries .	The judges contacted the students .	entailment
The scientist saw the professor next to the actor .	The scientist saw the professor .	entailment
The managers called the presidents behind the artists .	The managers called the presidents .	entailment
The scientists recommended the doctor next to the senator .	The scientists recommended the doctor .	entailment
The doctor mentioned the authors in front of the secretaries .	The doctor mentioned the authors .	entailment
The secretaries recognized the doctor in front of the lawyers .	The secretaries recognized the doctor .	entailment
The secretary avoided the president in front of the managers .	The secretary avoided the president .	entailment
The secretary supported the athletes next to the banker .	The secretary supported the athletes .	entailment
The artist helped the authors behind the banker .	The artist helped the authors .	entailment
The authors encouraged the scientist by the actor .	The authors encouraged the scientist .	entailment
The secretaries encouraged the tourist behind the athletes .	The secretaries encouraged the tourist .	entailment
The lawyers contacted the manager in front of the authors .	The lawyers contacted the manager .	entailment
The actors admired the student behind the professor .	The actors admired the student .	entailment
The student thanked the president next to the lawyers .	The student thanked the president .	entailment
The managers encouraged the bankers by the students .	The managers encouraged the bankers .	entailment
The lawyers recognized the actor by the managers .	The lawyers recognized the actor .	entailment
The senators believed the student next to the president .	The senators believed the student .	entailment
The senators avoided the manager near the president .	The senators avoided the manager .	entailment
The senator mentioned the actor behind the athlete .	The senator mentioned the actor .	entailment
The athletes called the managers near the secretaries .	The athletes called the managers .	entailment
The judge encouraged the artist by the student .	The judge encouraged the artist .	entailment
The manager believed the banker by the scientist .	The manager believed the banker .	entailment
The scientist thanked the secretaries in front of the lawyer .	The scientist thanked the secretaries .	entailment
The senators introduced the athlete in front of the artists .	The senators introduced the athlete .	entailment
The scientist recommended the judges behind the tourist .	The scientist recommended the judges .	entailment
The senators helped the student behind the judges .	The senators helped the student .	entailment
The actors mentioned the tourists in front of the judge .	The actors mentioned the tourists .	entailment
The professor believed the secretaries near the judge .	The professor believed the secretaries .	entailment
The athletes contacted the lawyers by the secretaries .	The athletes contacted the lawyers .	entailment
The secretaries introduced the professor next to the athletes .	The secretaries introduced the professor .	entailment
The students advised the secretaries near the doctor .	The students advised the secretaries .	entailment
The tourist encouraged the actor near the scientist .	The tourist encouraged the actor .	entailment
The authors contacted the artist by the doctors .	The authors contacted the artist .	entailment
The secretary saw the authors next to the student .	The secretary saw the authors .	entailment
The tourists mentioned the athletes next to the scientists .	The tourists mentioned the athletes .	entailment
The tourist thanked the senators behind the lawyer .	The tourist thanked the senators .	entailment
The bankers thanked the manager next to the artist .	The bankers thanked the manager .	entailment
The tourists helped the banker behind the secretary .	The tourists helped the banker .	entailment
The judges called the presidents behind the actors .	The judges called the presidents .	entailment
The doctor recognized the secretary by the tourists .	The doctor recognized the secretary .	entailment
The doctors contacted the tourists in front of the secretaries .	The doctors contacted the tourists .	entailment
The banker admired the lawyer by the actors .	The banker admired the lawyer .	entailment
The artist recognized the secretaries next to the athlete .	The artist recognized the secretaries .	entailment
The banker admired the authors next to the senators .	The banker admired the authors .	entailment
The students believed the managers in front of the lawyers .	The students believed the managers .	entailment
The author believed the secretaries by the student .	The author believed the secretaries .	entailment
The tourist encouraged the secretary by the artist .	The tourist encouraged the secretary .	entailment
The managers supported the actor next to the lawyers .	The managers supported the actor .	entailment
The artist helped the manager near the presidents .	The artist helped the manager .	entailment
The scientists mentioned the senator near the tourists .	The scientists mentioned the senator .	entailment
The student recommended the manager in front of the presidents .	The student recommended the manager .	entailment
The lawyer recognized the doctor in front of the president .	The lawyer recognized the doctor .	entailment
The judge recognized the lawyers in front of the president .	The judge recognized the lawyers .	entailment
The judge avoided the athlete next to the manager .	The judge avoided the athlete .	entailment
The professors believed the lawyer near the bankers .	The professors believed the lawyer .	entailment
The president thanked the authors in front of the professors .	The president thanked the authors .	entailment
The author advised the judge behind the professors .	The author advised the judge .	entailment
The lawyer recommended the students by the doctors .	The lawyer recommended the students .	entailment
The athletes admired the doctor by the professors .	The athletes admired the doctor .	entailment
The manager mentioned the senator in front of the scientists .	The manager mentioned the senator .	entailment
The athlete advised the artist behind the presidents .	The athlete advised the artist .	entailment
The author supported the secretary next to the doctors .	The author supported the secretary .	entailment
The judge stopped the student in front of the professors .	The judge stopped the student .	entailment
The doctor admired the professors in front of the secretaries .	The doctor admired the professors .	entailment
The actor thanked the students near the managers .	The actor thanked the students .	entailment
The judges advised the lawyer in front of the senators .	The judges advised the lawyer .	entailment
The actors admired the athletes in front of the professor .	The actors admired the athletes .	entailment
The tourist supported the students near the professor .	The tourist supported the students .	entailment
The managers advised the secretaries near the athlete .	The managers advised the secretaries .	entailment
The athlete stopped the doctors next to the tourist .	The athlete stopped the doctors .	entailment
The athletes encouraged the judge in front of the doctors .	The athletes encouraged the judge .	entailment
The doctors mentioned the lawyers near the senators .	The doctors mentioned the lawyers .	entailment
The banker mentioned the lawyers near the actor .	The banker mentioned the lawyers .	entailment
The president admired the judges by the tourists .	The president admired the judges .	entailment
The senator called the secretary in front of the athlete .	The senator called the secretary .	entailment
The senator admired the professor behind the bankers .	The senator admired the professor .	entailment
The presidents avoided the bankers by the students .	The presidents avoided the bankers .	entailment
The presidents thanked the scientists in front of the bankers .	The presidents thanked the scientists .	entailment
The tourists introduced the president by the actor .	The tourists introduced the president .	entailment
The actor supported the judge behind the manager .	The actor supported the judge .	entailment
The students advised the manager by the judge .	The students advised the manager .	entailment
The scientist helped the student behind the athlete .	The scientist helped the student .	entailment
The secretaries admired the students next to the judges .	The secretaries admired the students .	entailment
The senator thanked the author behind the actors .	The senator thanked the author .	entailment
The students recognized the secretaries in front of the bankers .	The students recognized the secretaries .	entailment
The artist recognized the scientists next to the manager .	The artist recognized the scientists .	entailment
The athlete avoided the professor by the president .	The athlete avoided the professor .	entailment
The actor helped the secretaries behind the scientist .	The actor helped the secretaries .	entailment
The actor mentioned the president in front of the managers .	The actor mentioned the president .	entailment
The lawyers encouraged the secretaries next to the scientists .	The lawyers encouraged the secretaries .	entailment
The doctors encouraged the judges by the senator .	The doctors encouraged the judges .	entailment
The senators encouraged the students next to the authors .	The senators encouraged the students .	entailment
The scientists saw the athletes behind the professor .	The scientists saw the athletes .	entailment
The athletes avoided the authors in front of the students .	The athletes avoided the authors .	entailment
The manager advised the professor by the president .	The manager advised the professor .	entailment
The lawyer believed the doctor next to the authors .	The lawyer believed the doctor .	entailment
The senator helped the secretary by the students .	The senator helped the secretary .	entailment
The lawyers saw the professor behind the bankers .	The lawyers saw the professor .	entailment
The athlete recommended the doctor behind the judges .	The athlete recommended the doctor .	entailment
The manager recommended the athletes behind the secretaries .	The manager recommended the athletes .	entailment
The judge supported the athlete by the doctors .	The judge supported the athlete .	entailment
The secretary supported the judge by the doctors .	The secretary supported the judge .	entailment
The author mentioned the judge by the artist .	The author mentioned the judge .	entailment
The managers stopped the students next to the presidents .	The managers stopped the students .	entailment
The doctors mentioned the professors by the lawyers .	The doctors mentioned the professors .	entailment
The professor admired the lawyers by the judges .	The professor admired the lawyers .	entailment
The bankers saw the senators behind the judges .	The bankers saw the senators .	entailment
The student mentioned the presidents near the tourists .	The student mentioned the presidents .	entailment
The judges recognized the secretaries in front of the lawyer .	The judges recognized the secretaries .	entailment
The banker saw the actor by the doctor .	The banker saw the actor .	entailment
The students thanked the athlete in front of the professor .	The students thanked the athlete .	entailment
The students contacted the author behind the secretaries .	The students contacted the author .	entailment
The doctors mentioned the scientist behind the bankers .	The doctors mentioned the scientist .	entailment
The presidents advised the lawyers behind the athlete .	The presidents advised the lawyers .	entailment
The athlete helped the president next to the banker .	The athlete helped the president .	entailment
The doctors avoided the scientists by the judges .	The doctors avoided the scientists .	entailment
The professors advised the managers next to the athlete .	The professors advised the managers .	entailment
The professors admired the actor next to the student .	The professors admired the actor .	entailment
The president called the senator near the lawyer .	The president called the senator .	entailment
The secretary helped the manager in front of the athletes .	The secretary helped the manager .	entailment
The managers recognized the actors in front of the athletes .	The managers recognized the actors .	entailment
The president supported the bankers near the scientist .	The president supported the bankers .	entailment
The professor stopped the doctor next to the scientist .	The professor stopped the doctor .	entailment
The authors supported the president near the secretary .	The authors supported the president .	entailment
The students encouraged the doctors behind the judge .	The students encouraged the doctors .	entailment
The doctors stopped the athlete behind the artists .	The doctors stopped the athlete .	entailment
The presidents stopped the senators behind the authors .	The presidents stopped the senators .	entailment
The banker saw the judges near the secretary .	The banker saw the judges .	entailment
The secretaries avoided the actors in front of the banker .	The secretaries avoided the actors .	entailment
The professor admired the athlete by the secretaries .	The professor admired the athlete .	entailment
The athlete admired the senator next to the students .	The athlete admired the senator .	entailment
The judge introduced the students next to the manager .	The judge introduced the students .	entailment
The judges mentioned the managers in front of the scientist .	The judges mentioned the managers .	entailment
The artists admired the professor near the judges .	The artists admired the professor .	entailment
The artist recognized the doctor by the actor .	The artist recognized the doctor .	entailment
The authors saw the scientists by the tourist .	The authors saw the scientists .	entailment
The secretaries recognized the lawyer next to the author .	The secretaries recognized the lawyer .	entailment
The professors helped the athletes near the doctor .	The professors helped the athletes .	entailment
The secretary mentioned the doctor next to the scientists .	The secretary mentioned the doctor .	entailment
The tourist admired the presidents by the student .	The tourist admired the presidents .	entailment
The actors helped the lawyer behind the athlete .	The actors helped the lawyer .	entailment
The students avoided the athletes next to the secretary .	The students avoided the athletes .	entailment
The presidents called the secretary near the student .	The presidents called the secretary .	entailment
The athlete advised the senators by the students .	The athlete advised the senators .	entailment
The artists stopped the presidents in front of the secretaries .	The artists stopped the presidents .	entailment
The senator contacted the authors next to the secretary .	The senator contacted the authors .	entailment
The judges encouraged the student next to the authors .	The judges encouraged the student .	entailment
The professor helped the doctors behind the actor .	The professor helped the doctors .	entailment
The bankers avoided the athlete behind the judges .	The bankers avoided the athlete .	entailment
The tourists contacted the actors near the athletes .	The tourists contacted the actors .	entailment
The artists advised the doctors behind the athlete .	The artists advised the doctors .	entailment
The tourist called the doctor next to the artist .	The tourist called the doctor .	entailment
The doctors helped the author by the actors .	The doctors helped the author .	entailment
The scientists supported the banker behind the tourist .	The scientists supported the banker .	entailment
The doctor recommended the athletes by the actors .	The doctor recommended the athletes .	entailment
The secretary thanked the artist behind the professor .	The secretary thanked the artist .	entailment
The bankers saw the president by the author .	The bankers saw the president .	entailment
The senator admired the managers behind the judges .	The senator admired the managers .	entailment
The presidents believed the bankers behind the students .	The presidents believed the bankers .	entailment
The doctor supported the actor near the professor .	The doctor supported the actor .	entailment
The scientist mentioned the senators by the professor .	The scientist mentioned the senators .	entailment
The managers stopped the president in front of the athletes .	The managers stopped the president .	entailment
The actor thanked the authors in front of the president .	The actor thanked the authors .	entailment
The professor helped the secretary by the athlete .	The professor helped the secretary .	entailment
The tourists advised the manager near the scientists .	The tourists advised the manager .	entailment
The actors saw the judges behind the doctors .	The actors saw the judges .	entailment
The student called the actors by the artists .	The student called the actors .	entailment
The lawyers avoided the bankers in front of the scientists .	The lawyers avoided the bankers .	entailment
The bankers avoided the actor behind the authors .	The bankers avoided the actor .	entailment
The managers supported the judges next to the lawyer .	The managers supported the judges .	entailment
The professors helped the president in front of the banker .	The professors helped the president .	entailment
The students contacted the secretaries behind the professors .	The students contacted the secretaries .	entailment
The lawyers admired the banker near the managers .	The lawyers admired the banker .	entailment
The president mentioned the authors by the professors .	The president mentioned the authors .	entailment
The athletes advised the secretary by the artists .	The athletes advised the secretary .	entailment
The managers advised the doctor next to the actor .	The managers advised the doctor .	entailment
The student thanked the secretary by the artists .	The student thanked the secretary .	entailment
The professors encouraged the author in front of the athlete .	The professors encouraged the author .	entailment
The managers supported the author near the judges .	The managers supported the author .	entailment
The scientists mentioned the professor by the athlete .	The scientists mentioned the professor .	entailment
The students mentioned the senators behind the doctor .	The students mentioned the senators .	entailment
The author admired the scientist by the secretaries .	The author admired the scientist .	entailment
The lawyer called the bankers behind the student .	The lawyer called the bankers .	entailment
The artists advised the professors near the tourists .	The artists advised the professors .	entailment
The senator thanked the judge behind the bankers .	The senator thanked the judge .	entailment
The scientists helped the senator behind the doctors .	The scientists helped the senator .	entailment
The artists supported the athletes by the lawyers .	The artists supported the athletes .	entailment
The athlete recommended the senators next to the author .	The athlete recommended the senators .	entailment
The managers encouraged the authors near the judge .	The managers encouraged the authors .	entailment
The managers stopped the athletes by the author .	The managers stopped the athletes .	entailment
The actor admired the bankers near the judge .	The actor admired the bankers .	entailment
The doctors admired the professors behind the actor .	The doctors admired the professors .	entailment
The managers thanked the artist by the students .	The managers thanked the artist .	entailment
The athletes admired the authors by the students .	The athletes admired the authors .	entailment
The lawyers recognized the judge behind the senators .	The lawyers recognized the judge .	entailment
The secretary supported the authors by the presidents .	The secretary supported the authors .	entailment
The senator thanked the professors by the secretaries .	The senator thanked the professors .	entailment
The athlete encouraged the senators near the manager .	The athlete encouraged the senators .	entailment
The judges recognized the authors near the scientist .	The judges recognized the authors .	entailment
The tourists called the senators near the scientist .	The tourists called the senators .	entailment
The scientists avoided the actors next to the students .	The scientists avoided the actors .	entailment
The scientists recognized the managers in front of the lawyers .	The scientists recognized the managers .	entailment
The secretary helped the senators in front of the author .	The secretary helped the senators .	entailment
The president recommended the secretary next to the student .	The president recommended the secretary .	entailment
The artists encouraged the president by the doctor .	The artists encouraged the president .	entailment
The scientist introduced the judge by the bankers .	The scientist introduced the judge .	entailment
The author saw the actors next to the banker .	The author saw the actors .	entailment
The athletes avoided the actor near the banker .	The athletes avoided the actor .	entailment
The artists recognized the banker in front of the judge .	The artists recognized the banker .	entailment
The lawyer avoided the senators next to the doctors .	The lawyer avoided the senators .	entailment
The presidents stopped the doctors by the bankers .	The presidents stopped the doctors .	entailment
The doctor recognized the senator near the author .	The doctor recognized the senator .	entailment
The students recognized the athletes next to the lawyer .	The students recognized the athletes .	entailment
The manager recognized the doctors in front of the secretary .	The manager recognized the doctors .	entailment
The authors recommended the senators in front of the judges .	The authors recommended the senators .	entailment
The athlete stopped the lawyer next to the artist .	The athlete stopped the lawyer .	entailment
The artists thanked the managers near the banker .	The artists thanked the managers .	entailment
The actors recommended the student near the tourist .	The actors recommended the student .	entailment
The senators encouraged the student by the doctors .	The senators encouraged the student .	entailment
The bankers supported the authors behind the scientists .	The bankers supported the authors .	entailment
The athlete introduced the judge by the student .	The athlete introduced the judge .	entailment
The artists mentioned the professors by the tourists .	The artists mentioned the professors .	entailment
The professor introduced the lawyer in front of the athletes .	The professor introduced the lawyer .	entailment
The actors supported the senators behind the lawyer .	The actors supported the senators .	entailment
The senators stopped the scientist behind the artists .	The senators stopped the scientist .	entailment
The scientists called the banker by the tourist .	The scientists called the banker .	entailment
The tourist contacted the professor by the artists .	The tourist contacted the professor .	entailment
The presidents helped the secretary in front of the actors .	The presidents helped the secretary .	entailment
The senators contacted the judges in front of the tourist .	The senators contacted the judges .	entailment
The senator encouraged the professor in front of the students .	The senator encouraged the professor .	entailment
The students contacted the lawyers behind the actor .	The students contacted the lawyers .	entailment
The doctors thanked the scientist next to the bankers .	The doctors thanked the scientist .	entailment
The judge believed the presidents near the artists .	The judge believed the presidents .	entailment
The student stopped the scientists by the actor .	The student stopped the scientists .	entailment
The scientist thanked the secretary near the doctor .	The scientist thanked the secretary .	entailment
The actors saw the senator by the bankers .	The actors saw the senator .	entailment
The lawyer introduced the managers near the judges .	The lawyer introduced the managers .	entailment
The tourists stopped the athlete next to the actor .	The tourists stopped the athlete .	entailment
The professor mentioned the senators next to the authors .	The professor mentioned the senators .	entailment
The secretary helped the senator by the banker .	The secretary helped the senator .	entailment
The doctor recommended the secretaries by the tourist .	The doctor recommended the secretaries .	entailment
The scientists mentioned the doctors by the president .	The scientists mentioned the doctors .	entailment
The tourists believed the president by the lawyers .	The tourists believed the president .	entailment
The secretary encouraged the scientist by the president .	The secretary encouraged the scientist .	entailment
The athletes introduced the tourist behind the bankers .	The athletes introduced the tourist .	entailment
The author contacted the bankers behind the senator .	The author contacted the bankers .	entailment
The artist supported the athlete near the actors .	The artist supported the athlete .	entailment
The banker avoided the actor near the president .	The banker avoided the actor .	entailment
The professor encouraged the doctor next to the actor .	The professor encouraged the doctor .	entailment
The artist thanked the doctors behind the presidents .	The artist thanked the doctors .	entailment
The scientist believed the lawyer by the student .	The scientist believed the lawyer .	entailment
The managers advised the authors behind the athletes .	The managers advised the authors .	entailment
The judge helped the artist behind the senators .	The judge helped the artist .	entailment
The authors encouraged the secretaries next to the students .	The authors encouraged the secretaries .	entailment
The artists recognized the athletes near the student .	The artists recognized the athletes .	entailment
The author avoided the manager behind the lawyer .	The author avoided the manager .	entailment
The bankers admired the secretary near the judge .	The bankers admired the secretary .	entailment
The bankers believed the athletes by the student .	The bankers believed the athletes .	entailment
The actors encouraged the secretaries next to the professors .	The actors encouraged the secretaries .	entailment
The tourist believed the students in front of the president .	The tourist believed the students .	entailment
The professor contacted the scientist by the athlete .	The professor contacted the scientist .	entailment
The actors supported the managers next to the student .	The actors supported the managers .	entailment
The author encouraged the tourists in front of the scientists .	The author encouraged the tourists .	entailment
The bankers called the artists next to the actors .	The bankers called the artists .	entailment
The judge believed the actors near the scientists .	The judge believed the actors .	entailment
The bankers stopped the scientists next to the senator .	The bankers stopped the scientists .	entailment
The judge contacted the doctors in front of the senators .	The judge contacted the doctors .	entailment
The scientists believed the professor next to the senator .	The scientists believed the professor .	entailment
The lawyers saw the judges next to the doctors .	The lawyers saw the judges .	entailment
The presidents admired the bankers next to the author .	The presidents admired the bankers .	entailment
The athlete stopped the senator in front of the students .	The athlete stopped the senator .	entailment
The professors admired the artists behind the lawyers .	The professors admired the artists .	entailment
The judge admired the senator in front of the athletes .	The judge admired the senator .	entailment
The president introduced the artist next to the lawyer .	The president introduced the artist .	entailment
The bankers mentioned the athlete by the tourist .	The bankers mentioned the athlete .	entailment
The president saw the authors in front of the secretaries .	The president saw the authors .	entailment
The artist mentioned the athletes near the tourist .	The artist mentioned the athletes .	entailment
The athletes called the actor in front of the scientist .	The athletes called the actor .	entailment
The scientists advised the managers behind the author .	The scientists advised the managers .	entailment
The president supported the professors near the secretaries .	The president supported the professors .	entailment
The professors advised the secretaries near the scientist .	The professors advised the secretaries .	entailment
The judges supported the author by the secretary .	The judges supported the author .	entailment
The president supported the doctor in front of the banker .	The president supported the doctor .	entailment
The scientist supported the banker in front of the authors .	The scientist supported the banker .	entailment
The artists called the senator behind the student .	The artists called the senator .	entailment
The artist saw the author by the judge .	The artist saw the author .	entailment
The tourists introduced the student in front of the actor .	The tourists introduced the student .	entailment
The artists thanked the scientist near the senator .	The artists thanked the scientist .	entailment
The scientists admired the banker by the students .	The scientists admired the banker .	entailment
The judges recognized the doctor behind the banker .	The judges recognized the doctor .	entailment
The student thanked the presidents next to the artist .	The student thanked the presidents .	entailment
The judges mentioned the manager by the artist .	The judges mentioned the manager .	entailment
The artists avoided the tourists behind the secretaries .	The artists avoided the tourists .	entailment
The lawyers encouraged the scientists behind the banker .	The lawyers encouraged the scientists .	entailment
The secretary contacted the professor next to the managers .	The secretary contacted the professor .	entailment
The judge stopped the authors in front of the manager .	The judge stopped the authors .	entailment
The tourist contacted the scientist by the student .	The tourist contacted the scientist .	entailment
The doctors admired the senator by the professor .	The doctors admired the senator .	entailment
The artists helped the presidents in front of the lawyers .	The artists helped the presidents .	entailment
The student stopped the tourist next to the secretary .	The student stopped the tourist .	entailment
The scientist thanked the secretaries in front of the author .	The scientist thanked the secretaries .	entailment
The senator advised the student by the secretaries .	The senator advised the student .	entailment
The actor recognized the senator in front of the authors .	The actor recognized the senator .	entailment
The judge avoided the managers near the athletes .	The judge avoided the managers .	entailment
The lawyer encouraged the judge in front of the author .	The lawyer encouraged the judge .	entailment
The bankers contacted the secretary behind the judges .	The bankers contacted the secretary .	entailment
The student believed the lawyer next to the authors .	The student believed the lawyer .	entailment
The senators believed the lawyer by the secretaries .	The senators believed the lawyer .	entailment
The artists admired the doctors next to the lawyer .	The artists admired the doctors .	entailment
The student called the senators by the actor .	The student called the senators .	entailment
The banker stopped the professor by the judge .	The banker stopped the professor .	entailment
The senators recommended the actors near the tourists .	The senators recommended the actors .	entailment
The scientist introduced the lawyer behind the doctors .	The scientist introduced the lawyer .	entailment
The lawyers called the manager behind the actors .	The lawyers called the manager .	entailment
The scientist recommended the presidents in front of the secretaries .	The scientist recommended the presidents .	entailment
The student encouraged the senator next to the tourists .	The student encouraged the senator .	entailment
The judge encouraged the presidents by the doctors .	The judge encouraged the presidents .	entailment
The professors called the athlete by the author .	The professors called the athlete .	entailment
The senators helped the athlete next to the secretary .	The senators helped the athlete .	entailment
The banker thanked the actor next to the athletes .	The banker thanked the actor .	entailment
The athlete recognized the actor near the judge .	The athlete recognized the actor .	entailment
The athletes avoided the manager in front of the author .	The athletes avoided the manager .	entailment
The lawyers thanked the actors near the judge .	The lawyers thanked the actors .	entailment
The senators advised the authors in front of the students .	The senators advised the authors .	entailment
The lawyer supported the actors next to the president .	The lawyer supported the actors .	entailment
The athletes stopped the professor behind the judges .	The athletes stopped the professor .	entailment
The secretary stopped the student in front of the managers .	The secretary stopped the student .	entailment
The scientists admired the banker behind the judges .	The scientists admired the banker .	entailment
The doctors supported the student behind the president .	The doctors supported the student .	entailment
The president introduced the professors behind the judge .	The president introduced the professors .	entailment
The lawyer recognized the tourists next to the author .	The lawyer recognized the tourists .	entailment
The doctors advised the bankers in front of the judges .	The doctors advised the bankers .	entailment
The authors contacted the presidents near the actor .	The authors contacted the presidents .	entailment
The presidents supported the athletes behind the secretary .	The presidents supported the athletes .	entailment
The senators recommended the athletes by the secretary .	The senators recommended the athletes .	entailment
The scientist saw the authors near the judge .	The scientist saw the authors .	entailment
The manager helped the authors near the president .	The manager helped the authors .	entailment
The managers mentioned the professors by the lawyer .	The managers mentioned the professors .	entailment
The athlete admired the senators next to the lawyers .	The athlete admired the senators .	entailment
The lawyers believed the manager near the scientists .	The lawyers believed the manager .	entailment
The president stopped the artists by the senators .	The president stopped the artists .	entailment
The lawyers advised the artist next to the author .	The lawyers advised the artist .	entailment
The tourist introduced the artists next to the managers .	The tourist introduced the artists .	entailment
The bankers advised the lawyers next to the artist .	The bankers advised the lawyers .	entailment
The presidents called the tourists in front of the student .	The presidents called the tourists .	entailment
The professors encouraged the judges behind the authors .	The professors encouraged the judges .	entailment
The students recommended the manager in front of the actors .	The students recommended the manager .	entailment
The actor recommended the scientists next to the doctors .	The actor recommended the scientists .	entailment
The presidents called the athletes next to the lawyer .	The presidents called the athletes .	entailment
The actor avoided the authors next to the judges .	The actor avoided the authors .	entailment
The tourist saw the actors next to the professor .	The tourist saw the actors .	entailment
The senator recognized the authors behind the judge .	The senator recognized the authors .	entailment
The secretaries encouraged the judges behind the managers .	The secretaries encouraged the judges .	entailment
The professors helped the artists in front of the scientist .	The professors helped the artists .	entailment
The athletes advised the judge near the banker .	The athletes advised the judge .	entailment
The actors supported the artists in front of the professors .	The actors supported the artists .	entailment
The secretaries recognized the artist in front of the professor .	The secretaries recognized the artist .	entailment
The lawyers recognized the artist next to the secretary .	The lawyers recognized the artist .	entailment
The tourists recommended the professors behind the artists .	The tourists recommended the professors .	entailment
The author encouraged the judge in front of the artist .	The author encouraged the judge .	entailment
The secretaries believed the doctors in front of the lawyer .	The secretaries believed the doctors .	entailment
The tourist recommended the student next to the senators .	The tourist recommended the student .	entailment
The professors admired the judges near the students .	The professors admired the judges .	entailment
The actors stopped the scientist behind the tourists .	The actors stopped the scientist .	entailment
The students recognized the professor behind the senator .	The students recognized the professor .	entailment
The actor avoided the tourist next to the secretaries .	The actor avoided the tourist .	entailment
The author saw the athletes in front of the senator .	The author saw the athletes .	entailment
The doctors stopped the athletes behind the banker .	The doctors stopped the athletes .	entailment
The senators believed the doctors by the secretaries .	The senators believed the doctors .	entailment
The president recognized the manager near the authors .	The president recognized the manager .	entailment
The secretary stopped the manager by the authors .	The secretary stopped the manager .	entailment
The actors stopped the judge next to the presidents .	The actors stopped the judge .	entailment
The tourists saw the students in front of the athlete .	The tourists saw the students .	entailment
The secretaries advised the tourist next to the author .	The secretaries advised the tourist .	entailment
The tourists stopped the senators near the lawyers .	The tourists stopped the senators .	entailment
The actor recognized the doctors next to the manager .	The actor recognized the doctors .	entailment
The secretary supported the author in front of the athletes .	The secretary supported the author .	entailment
The athlete saw the students in front of the senator .	The athlete saw the students .	entailment
The authors thanked the manager near the athlete .	The authors thanked the manager .	entailment
The senator introduced the secretary in front of the doctor .	The senator introduced the secretary .	entailment
The bankers supported the doctor behind the tourists .	The bankers supported the doctor .	entailment
The athlete saw the managers behind the senator .	The athlete saw the managers .	entailment
The lawyers avoided the secretaries near the tourists .	The lawyers avoided the secretaries .	entailment
The doctors thanked the artist in front of the professors .	The doctors thanked the artist .	entailment
The tourists advised the bankers behind the managers .	The tourists advised the bankers .	entailment
The authors thanked the professors behind the secretaries .	The authors thanked the professors .	entailment
The secretary advised the scientist by the author .	The secretary advised the scientist .	entailment
The student admired the athlete next to the managers .	The student admired the athlete .	entailment
The doctors admired the artist near the senator .	The doctors admired the artist .	entailment
The senator helped the actor near the lawyer .	The senator helped the actor .	entailment
The president advised the athlete in front of the professors .	The president advised the athlete .	entailment
The manager mentioned the senator by the student .	The manager mentioned the senator .	entailment
The artists supported the lawyers behind the scientists .	The artists supported the lawyers .	entailment
The athlete advised the tourist in front of the doctors .	The athlete advised the tourist .	entailment
The artists recognized the presidents behind the tourist .	The artists recognized the presidents .	entailment
The scientists avoided the judge next to the senators .	The scientists avoided the judge .	entailment
The student contacted the senators behind the judges .	The student contacted the senators .	entailment
The scientist thanked the manager behind the athlete .	The scientist thanked the manager .	entailment
The judge contacted the secretaries behind the presidents .	The judge contacted the secretaries .	entailment
The senators avoided the lawyer near the scientists .	The senators avoided the lawyer .	entailment
The actor saw the doctor in front of the author .	The actor saw the doctor .	entailment
The secretaries advised the professor near the author .	The secretaries advised the professor .	entailment
The tourist mentioned the bankers by the president .	The tourist mentioned the bankers .	entailment
The president saw the manager in front of the artists .	The president saw the manager .	entailment
The doctors saw the presidents behind the secretary .	The doctors saw the presidents .	entailment
The doctors recognized the artist near the actor .	The doctors recognized the artist .	entailment
The artists recommended the presidents behind the author .	The artists recommended the presidents .	entailment
The authors supported the student by the president .	The authors supported the student .	entailment
The secretaries introduced the tourist in front of the banker .	The secretaries introduced the tourist .	entailment
The manager encouraged the scientist near the doctors .	The manager encouraged the scientist .	entailment
The tourist admired the professor near the manager .	The tourist admired the professor .	entailment
The scientist supported the secretary near the authors .	The scientist supported the secretary .	entailment
The professor believed the tourists by the authors .	The professor believed the tourists .	entailment
The scientists avoided the athletes near the authors .	The scientists avoided the athletes .	entailment
The artists supported the actors behind the president .	The artists supported the actors .	entailment
The lawyers encouraged the scientist near the actors .	The lawyers encouraged the scientist .	entailment
The lawyer recognized the secretaries behind the actors .	The lawyer recognized the secretaries .	entailment
The bankers advised the judge by the secretaries .	The bankers advised the judge .	entailment
The managers supported the tourist near the author .	The managers supported the tourist .	entailment
The tourists saw the actor behind the managers .	The tourists saw the actor .	entailment
The doctors mentioned the senator in front of the tourists .	The doctors mentioned the senator .	entailment
The students thanked the actor next to the tourist .	The students thanked the actor .	entailment
The doctors recognized the professor in front of the athlete .	The doctors recognized the professor .	entailment
The professor advised the scientists next to the secretaries .	The professor advised the scientists .	entailment
The actor advised the scientist next to the bankers .	The actor advised the scientist .	entailment
The athletes introduced the managers in front of the lawyers .	The athletes introduced the managers .	entailment
The author recommended the artists by the managers .	The author recommended the artists .	entailment
The students believed the judges near the senators .	The students believed the judges .	entailment
The actor helped the judge near the bankers .	The actor helped the judge .	entailment
The professor recommended the artists behind the scientists .	The professor recommended the artists .	entailment
The scientist avoided the author next to the lawyers .	The scientist avoided the author .	entailment
The student advised the judge near the actor .	The student advised the judge .	entailment
The senator believed the authors by the judge .	The senator believed the authors .	entailment
The scientist mentioned the actor next to the bankers .	The scientist mentioned the actor .	entailment
The artist believed the bankers behind the manager .	The artist believed the bankers .	entailment
The banker advised the artists in front of the judges .	The banker advised the artists .	entailment
The lawyer admired the artist behind the athletes .	The lawyer admired the artist .	entailment
The banker avoided the scientist next to the judge .	The banker avoided the scientist .	entailment
The artists advised the scientists near the secretaries .	The artists advised the scientists .	entailment
The senator introduced the presidents behind the athletes .	The senator introduced the presidents .	entailment
The doctors helped the actor in front of the tourists .	The doctors helped the actor .	entailment
The student avoided the tourists next to the bankers .	The student avoided the tourists .	entailment
The authors contacted the judges next to the student .	The authors contacted the judges .	entailment
The artists supported the students next to the managers .	The artists supported the students .	entailment
The doctors recognized the tourist in front of the presidents .	The doctors recognized the tourist .	entailment
The athlete contacted the actors in front of the doctor .	The athlete contacted the actors .	entailment
The bankers believed the president behind the athlete .	The bankers believed the president .	entailment
The athlete helped the judge behind the artists .	The athlete helped the judge .	entailment
The athlete believed the author in front of the doctor .	The athlete believed the author .	entailment
The authors stopped the artists near the judges .	The authors stopped the artists .	entailment
The lawyers encouraged the bankers next to the judges .	The lawyers encouraged the bankers .	entailment
The presidents stopped the artists next to the senator .	The presidents stopped the artists .	entailment
The doctors recognized the secretary in front of the bankers .	The doctors recognized the secretary .	entailment
The students thanked the judges near the scientists .	The students thanked the judges .	entailment
The actors admired the author by the judge .	The actors admired the author .	entailment
The presidents admired the professor near the scientist .	The presidents admired the professor .	entailment
The professor contacted the secretary behind the athletes .	The professor contacted the secretary .	entailment
The scientists saw the senators near the authors .	The scientists saw the senators .	entailment
The actors recognized the doctor next to the judge .	The actors recognized the doctor .	entailment
The professor saw the student in front of the presidents .	The professor saw the student .	entailment
The professor contacted the athletes next to the doctors .	The professor contacted the athletes .	entailment
The secretary helped the managers next to the doctor .	The secretary helped the managers .	entailment
The professor helped the scientist next to the banker .	The professor helped the scientist .	entailment
The author encouraged the tourists near the senator .	The author encouraged the tourists .	entailment
The judge contacted the student in front of the managers .	The judge contacted the student .	entailment
The managers thanked the senator next to the actors .	The managers thanked the senator .	entailment
The actor advised the banker near the athletes .	The actor advised the banker .	entailment
The athletes supported the managers by the bankers .	The athletes supported the managers .	entailment
The banker advised the authors behind the actors .	The banker advised the authors .	entailment
The doctor recommended the tourist next to the student .	The doctor recommended the tourist .	entailment
The professors called the tourist near the authors .	The professors called the tourist .	entailment
The scientists saw the presidents by the actor .	The scientists saw the presidents .	entailment
The artist helped the presidents in front of the scientists .	The artist helped the presidents .	entailment
The author recognized the presidents in front of the athlete .	The author recognized the presidents .	entailment
The actors contacted the artist next to the professors .	The actors contacted the artist .	entailment
The actors supported the authors behind the student .	The actors supported the authors .	entailment
The students saw the doctor in front of the tourists .	The students saw the doctor .	entailment
The doctors believed the judge behind the artist .	The doctors believed the judge .	entailment
The presidents helped the manager in front of the scientists .	The presidents helped the manager .	entailment
The student helped the judge near the manager .	The student helped the judge .	entailment
The professors believed the lawyer by the athletes .	The professors believed the lawyer .	entailment
The professors believed the senator behind the students .	The professors believed the senator .	entailment
The artist saw the senator behind the manager .	The artist saw the senator .	entailment
The author thanked the secretaries next to the president .	The author thanked the secretaries .	entailment
The tourist recommended the managers behind the secretary .	The tourist recommended the managers .	entailment
The bankers contacted the actors behind the lawyers .	The bankers contacted the actors .	entailment
The senators mentioned the athletes next to the professor .	The senators mentioned the athletes .	entailment
The scientists introduced the senators behind the manager .	The scientists introduced the senators .	entailment
The tourist encouraged the actors by the secretary .	The tourist encouraged the actors .	entailment
The bankers helped the actor by the senator .	The bankers helped the actor .	entailment
The authors encouraged the student in front of the banker .	The authors encouraged the student .	entailment
The actor helped the banker in front of the tourists .	The actor helped the banker .	entailment
The lawyers encouraged the doctor next to the bankers .	The lawyers encouraged the doctor .	entailment
The manager mentioned the judges by the lawyers .	The manager mentioned the judges .	entailment
The senators recognized the artists by the scientist .	The senators recognized the artists .	entailment
The senator called the tourist near the actors .	The senator called the tourist .	entailment
The president mentioned the doctors next to the senators .	The president mentioned the doctors .	entailment
The judge advised the bankers near the authors .	The judge advised the bankers .	entailment
The authors saw the judges near the artists .	The authors saw the judges .	entailment
The students believed the lawyer near the secretary .	The students believed the lawyer .	entailment
The bankers avoided the actor by the doctors .	The bankers avoided the actor .	entailment
The president encouraged the actor behind the scientist .	The president encouraged the actor .	entailment
The lawyers recommended the senator by the judge .	The lawyers recommended the senator .	entailment
The artists introduced the athletes by the president .	The artists introduced the athletes .	entailment
The judges helped the president behind the tourist .	The judges helped the president .	entailment
The professors introduced the secretary in front of the judges .	The professors introduced the secretary .	entailment
The authors recommended the artist near the managers .	The authors recommended the artist .	entailment
The professor called the scientist in front of the managers .	The professor called the scientist .	entailment
The senators thanked the secretaries in front of the students .	The senators thanked the secretaries .	entailment
The scientists introduced the doctors in front of the managers .	The scientists introduced the doctors .	entailment
The authors thanked the banker by the artist .	The authors thanked the banker .	entailment
The athletes contacted the doctor next to the students .	The athletes contacted the doctor .	entailment
The banker mentioned the actor in front of the athlete .	The banker mentioned the actor .	entailment
The actor mentioned the managers next to the professor .	The actor mentioned the managers .	entailment
The professor believed the president next to the secretary .	The professor believed the president .	entailment
The authors encouraged the students behind the manager .	The authors encouraged the students .	entailment
The author thanked the presidents by the judges .	The author thanked the presidents .	entailment
The student contacted the lawyer near the artists .	The student contacted the lawyer .	entailment
The doctors supported the actor near the lawyer .	The doctors supported the actor .	entailment
The actor believed the secretaries near the artist .	The actor believed the secretaries .	entailment
The actor advised the managers by the student .	The actor advised the managers .	entailment
The author encouraged the presidents next to the tourists .	The author encouraged the presidents .	entailment
The doctors supported the actors by the secretary .	The doctors supported the actors .	entailment
The presidents mentioned the scientists next to the manager .	The presidents mentioned the scientists .	entailment
The tourist saw the authors by the students .	The tourist saw the authors .	entailment
The actor called the artists next to the professor .	The actor called the artists .	entailment
The tourists recognized the judge next to the student .	The tourists recognized the judge .	entailment
The secretary introduced the actors in front of the athlete .	The secretary introduced the actors .	entailment
The lawyers recognized the presidents by the athletes .	The lawyers recognized the presidents .	entailment
The artist saw the senators by the professor .	The artist saw the senators .	entailment
The student advised the judge in front of the scientists .	The student advised the judge .	entailment
The author thanked the artists in front of the judges .	The author thanked the artists .	entailment
The judge encouraged the senator near the authors .	The judge encouraged the senator .	entailment
The managers advised the athletes in front of the doctor .	The managers advised the athletes .	entailment
The banker called the secretary by the student .	The banker called the secretary .	entailment
The athlete believed the professor behind the secretary .	The athlete believed the professor .	entailment
The secretaries recommended the tourist next to the judge .	The secretaries recommended the tourist .	entailment
The lawyer stopped the students in front of the professor .	The lawyer stopped the students .	entailment
The secretary supported the bankers behind the authors .	The secretary supported the bankers .	entailment
The secretary advised the artists by the lawyer .	The secretary advised the artists .	entailment
The scientist mentioned the artists behind the secretary .	The scientist mentioned the artists .	entailment
The students avoided the professors behind the author .	The students avoided the professors .	entailment
The students introduced the senator by the president .	The students introduced the senator .	entailment
The lawyers stopped the president in front of the scientists .	The lawyers stopped the president .	entailment
The senators recognized the artists by the doctors .	The senators recognized the artists .	entailment
The professors helped the artists by the lawyer .	The professors helped the artists .	entailment
The student thanked the doctor by the manager .	The student thanked the doctor .	entailment
The athlete called the secretary behind the student .	The athlete called the secretary .	entailment
The athlete admired the scientist near the senators .	The athlete admired the scientist .	entailment
The doctor helped the athletes near the artists .	The doctor helped the athletes .	entailment
The bankers advised the student in front of the senators .	The bankers advised the student .	entailment
The banker admired the judge near the secretary .	The banker admired the judge .	entailment
The secretary avoided the lawyers near the scientist .	The secretary avoided the lawyers .	entailment
The actors recommended the athletes in front of the managers .	The actors recommended the athletes .	entailment
The lawyer admired the student next to the senators .	The lawyer admired the student .	entailment
The tourist encouraged the student next to the judge .	The tourist encouraged the student .	entailment
The scientists saw the doctors near the author .	The scientists saw the doctors .	entailment
The managers contacted the bankers by the actor .	The managers contacted the bankers .	entailment
The judge avoided the students in front of the actors .	The judge avoided the students .	entailment
The tourist believed the doctor in front of the authors .	The tourist believed the doctor .	entailment
The students supported the managers in front of the scientist .	The students supported the managers .	entailment
The secretary mentioned the bankers next to the lawyers .	The secretary mentioned the bankers .	entailment
The author stopped the professor by the president .	The author stopped the professor .	entailment
The author contacted the athletes by the scientist .	The author contacted the athletes .	entailment
The secretaries helped the lawyer by the senators .	The secretaries helped the lawyer .	entailment
The scientist helped the student by the managers .	The scientist helped the student .	entailment
The lawyer helped the actor next to the president .	The lawyer helped the actor .	entailment
The student thanked the scientists behind the secretary .	The student thanked the scientists .	entailment
The judges thanked the senators by the banker .	The judges thanked the senators .	entailment
The scientists encouraged the athletes near the doctor .	The scientists encouraged the athletes .	entailment
The scientists admired the president near the tourists .	The scientists admired the president .	entailment
The president recommended the scientists in front of the student .	The president recommended the scientists .	entailment
The actor recognized the presidents in front of the doctor .	The actor recognized the presidents .	entailment
The judge recommended the professor by the scientist .	The judge recommended the professor .	entailment
The actors helped the professor near the athletes .	The actors helped the professor .	entailment
The scientist contacted the student behind the artists .	The scientist contacted the student .	entailment
The judge recognized the professor near the authors .	The judge recognized the professor .	entailment
The lawyers introduced the author by the athlete .	The lawyers introduced the author .	entailment
The athlete recognized the professors near the actor .	The athlete recognized the professors .	entailment
The senators encouraged the tourists in front of the scientists .	The senators encouraged the tourists .	entailment
The athlete recognized the doctors by the authors .	The athlete recognized the doctors .	entailment
The presidents helped the secretary in front of the doctors .	The presidents helped the secretary .	entailment
The presidents encouraged the senator next to the banker .	The presidents encouraged the senator .	entailment
The banker avoided the scientist behind the secretary .	The banker avoided the scientist .	entailment
The actors helped the athlete in front of the scientists .	The actors helped the athlete .	entailment
The tourist saw the banker behind the managers .	The tourist saw the banker .	entailment
The senators contacted the author near the professor .	The senators contacted the author .	entailment
The authors stopped the presidents by the students .	The authors stopped the presidents .	entailment
The banker called the managers near the tourist .	The banker called the managers .	entailment
The tourist called the professors next to the student .	The tourist called the professors .	entailment
The professors supported the secretary in front of the athletes .	The professors supported the secretary .	entailment
The scientist recommended the tourist behind the managers .	The scientist recommended the tourist .	entailment
The athlete avoided the lawyers behind the judges .	The athlete avoided the lawyers .	entailment
The tourists recognized the students behind the author .	The tourists recognized the students .	entailment
The bankers mentioned the secretary next to the professors .	The bankers mentioned the secretary .	entailment
The author introduced the artists behind the scientist .	The author introduced the artists .	entailment
The authors stopped the student behind the secretaries .	The authors stopped the student .	entailment
The doctors stopped the judge next to the presidents .	The doctors stopped the judge .	entailment
The tourist introduced the doctors near the author .	The tourist introduced the doctors .	entailment
The president introduced the author behind the professors .	The president introduced the author .	entailment
The manager stopped the tourist behind the secretaries .	The manager stopped the tourist .	entailment
The professors advised the bankers next to the senator .	The professors advised the bankers .	entailment
The secretaries contacted the president in front of the actors .	The secretaries contacted the president .	entailment
The president recognized the artist near the doctor .	The president recognized the artist .	entailment
The judge introduced the tourists by the bankers .	The judge introduced the tourists .	entailment
The president avoided the author by the tourists .	The president avoided the author .	entailment
The scientist thanked the doctors near the author .	The scientist thanked the doctors .	entailment
The secretaries admired the doctor near the judges .	The secretaries admired the doctor .	entailment
The bankers contacted the secretary behind the students .	The bankers contacted the secretary .	entailment
The professors thanked the bankers in front of the tourist .	The professors thanked the bankers .	entailment
The secretaries recommended the scientist in front of the lawyer .	The secretaries recommended the scientist .	entailment
The athletes contacted the tourists by the authors .	The athletes contacted the tourists .	entailment
The lawyer recognized the actors in front of the bankers .	The lawyer recognized the actors .	entailment
The banker supported the athletes near the senators .	The banker supported the athletes .	entailment
The authors called the president in front of the artist .	The authors called the president .	entailment
The managers recommended the author behind the bankers .	The managers recommended the author .	entailment
The secretaries admired the scientists in front of the professors .	The secretaries admired the scientists .	entailment
The athletes avoided the scientist in front of the manager .	The athletes avoided the scientist .	entailment
The doctors supported the manager behind the presidents .	The doctors supported the manager .	entailment
The professors avoided the judges near the artist .	The professors avoided the judges .	entailment
The judge contacted the banker next to the managers .	The judge contacted the banker .	entailment
The senators encouraged the manager next to the athlete .	The senators encouraged the manager .	entailment
The athlete contacted the presidents next to the judge .	The athlete contacted the presidents .	entailment
The professor advised the tourists in front of the secretary .	The professor advised the tourists .	entailment
The artist recognized the manager near the doctors .	The artist recognized the manager .	entailment
The judge contacted the athlete next to the scientist .	The judge contacted the athlete .	entailment
The secretaries recognized the tourist behind the senators .	The secretaries recognized the tourist .	entailment
The president contacted the secretary in front of the managers .	The president contacted the secretary .	entailment
The artist thanked the tourist behind the lawyers .	The artist thanked the tourist .	entailment
The managers avoided the secretaries by the actors .	The managers avoided the secretaries .	entailment
The student supported the artists in front of the doctor .	The student supported the artists .	entailment
The judges admired the lawyer near the artists .	The judges admired the lawyer .	entailment
The lawyer called the artist in front of the banker .	The lawyer called the artist .	entailment
The scientists encouraged the authors next to the doctor .	The scientists encouraged the authors .	entailment
The secretaries admired the lawyer behind the students .	The secretaries admired the lawyer .	entailment
The tourists saw the students by the manager .	The tourists saw the students .	entailment
The author supported the president near the scientist .	The author supported the president .	entailment
The judges saw the managers near the actors .	The judges saw the managers .	entailment
The doctors helped the secretaries behind the students .	The doctors helped the secretaries .	entailment
The student stopped the artist behind the tourists .	The student stopped the artist .	entailment
The presidents thanked the secretary by the senators .	The presidents thanked the secretary .	entailment
The managers thanked the president near the senators .	The managers thanked the president .	entailment
The artists avoided the presidents next to the judge .	The artists avoided the presidents .	entailment
The secretary contacted the author next to the managers .	The secretary contacted the author .	entailment
The banker stopped the artists next to the actor .	The banker stopped the artists .	entailment
The tourists called the scientists near the lawyer .	The tourists called the scientists .	entailment
The bankers supported the scientist behind the judges .	The bankers supported the scientist .	entailment
The tourist stopped the manager in front of the lawyers .	The tourist stopped the manager .	entailment
The author believed the actor near the lawyers .	The author believed the actor .	entailment
The professors advised the lawyer behind the senator .	The professors advised the lawyer .	entailment
The artists avoided the doctor near the managers .	The artists avoided the doctor .	entailment
The tourists believed the scientists by the lawyers .	The tourists believed the scientists .	entailment
The manager advised the actor near the secretaries .	The manager advised the actor .	entailment
The banker recognized the athlete next to the professors .	The banker recognized the athlete .	entailment
The judge introduced the lawyers by the professors .	The judge introduced the lawyers .	entailment
The managers encouraged the author next to the professors .	The managers encouraged the author .	entailment
The judges advised the athlete behind the professor .	The judges advised the athlete .	entailment
The professors advised the lawyers in front of the tourist .	The professors advised the lawyers .	entailment
The actors introduced the judges behind the professors .	The actors introduced the judges .	entailment
The secretary helped the professor near the scientists .	The secretary helped the professor .	entailment
The senators stopped the professors by the artist .	The senators stopped the professors .	entailment
The secretaries advised the professor behind the president .	The secretaries advised the professor .	entailment
The doctor admired the scientist next to the actors .	The doctor admired the scientist .	entailment
The artist avoided the actors near the author .	The artist avoided the actors .	entailment
The banker thanked the scientists in front of the managers .	The banker thanked the scientists .	entailment
The secretary avoided the scientists in front of the athlete .	The secretary avoided the scientists .	entailment
The scientist stopped the artist in front of the senator .	The scientist stopped the artist .	entailment
The artist admired the presidents by the scientists .	The artist admired the presidents .	entailment
The president helped the lawyers behind the manager .	The president helped the lawyers .	entailment
The managers advised the tourist behind the judge .	The managers advised the tourist .	entailment
The doctors encouraged the authors next to the bankers .	The doctors encouraged the authors .	entailment
The bankers helped the lawyers by the presidents .	The bankers helped the lawyers .	entailment
The scientist contacted the manager next to the bankers .	The scientist contacted the manager .	entailment
The banker stopped the athletes near the scientist .	The banker stopped the athletes .	entailment
The tourists recognized the professor next to the president .	The tourists recognized the professor .	entailment
The athletes introduced the lawyer near the manager .	The athletes introduced the lawyer .	entailment
The author stopped the doctor by the banker .	The author stopped the doctor .	entailment
The student stopped the lawyers by the bankers .	The student stopped the lawyers .	entailment
The managers encouraged the tourist by the judge .	The managers encouraged the tourist .	entailment
The banker called the secretary next to the scientist .	The banker called the secretary .	entailment
The senators saw the scientist in front of the actors .	The senators saw the scientist .	entailment
The lawyer contacted the secretaries by the students .	The lawyer contacted the secretaries .	entailment
The scientists avoided the tourist by the judges .	The scientists avoided the tourist .	entailment
The actors helped the lawyers in front of the doctors .	The actors helped the lawyers .	entailment
The doctor contacted the artists next to the students .	The doctor contacted the artists .	entailment
The athletes encouraged the artist next to the judge .	The athletes encouraged the artist .	entailment
The tourist saw the bankers by the senators .	The tourist saw the bankers .	entailment
The artists thanked the judge next to the president .	The artists thanked the judge .	entailment
"In case the doctors stopped the author , the bankers helped the manager ."	The doctors stopped the author .	non-entailment
"Whether or not the professor danced , the student waited ."	The professor danced .	non-entailment
"Whether or not the managers waited , the doctors stopped the professor ."	The managers waited .	non-entailment
"Unless the doctors ran , the lawyers encouraged the scientists ."	The doctors ran .	non-entailment
"In case the judges waited , the senators arrived ."	The judges waited .	non-entailment
"Unless the authors slept , the secretaries ran ."	The authors slept .	non-entailment
"In case the students recognized the bankers , the actors stopped the lawyers ."	The students recognized the bankers .	non-entailment
"In case the artist saw the managers , the students danced ."	The artist saw the managers .	non-entailment
"Unless the senators ran , the professors recommended the doctor ."	The senators ran .	non-entailment
"Whether or not the artists believed the banker , the students recognized the tourists ."	The artists believed the banker .	non-entailment
"If the judge encouraged the managers , the lawyers supported the doctors ."	The judge encouraged the managers .	non-entailment
"In case the judges mentioned the athlete , the artists avoided the tourists ."	The judges mentioned the athlete .	non-entailment
"Whether or not the senators believed the scientist , the doctors recommended the managers ."	The senators believed the scientist .	non-entailment
"Unless the doctor avoided the secretary , the scientist mentioned the artists ."	The doctor avoided the secretary .	non-entailment
"If the athletes believed the students , the actors recognized the presidents ."	The athletes believed the students .	non-entailment
"Whether or not the manager admired the president , the professor helped the doctor ."	The manager admired the president .	non-entailment
"In case the judge mentioned the actor , the bankers called the secretary ."	The judge mentioned the actor .	non-entailment
"If the student encouraged the managers , the professor called the judges ."	The student encouraged the managers .	non-entailment
"In case the actors avoided the senator , the doctor recognized the judge ."	The actors avoided the senator .	non-entailment
"Unless the judges performed , the presidents thanked the authors ."	The judges performed .	non-entailment
"Whether or not the presidents recognized the manager , the athlete ran ."	The presidents recognized the manager .	non-entailment
"Unless the secretaries helped the author , the students danced ."	The secretaries helped the author .	non-entailment
"Unless the athlete helped the judges , the presidents arrived ."	The athlete helped the judges .	non-entailment
"Whether or not the artist introduced the author , the scientist saw the tourist ."	The artist introduced the author .	non-entailment
"Whether or not the actors performed , the lawyer supported the scientists ."	The actors performed .	non-entailment
"In case the secretaries called the authors , the athlete supported the professors ."	The secretaries called the authors .	non-entailment
"Unless the president recognized the lawyer , the students arrived ."	The president recognized the lawyer .	non-entailment
"If the artists slept , the doctor shouted ."	The artists slept .	non-entailment
"If the actors introduced the students , the author avoided the judge ."	The actors introduced the students .	non-entailment
"If the lawyers encouraged the author , the secretary slept ."	The lawyers encouraged the author .	non-entailment
"Unless the bankers resigned , the senators danced ."	The bankers resigned .	non-entailment
"If the managers waited , the senators called the lawyers ."	The managers waited .	non-entailment
"In case the artist recommended the banker , the lawyer advised the professors ."	The artist recommended the banker .	non-entailment
"If the authors slept , the students shouted ."	The authors slept .	non-entailment
"Whether or not the actors performed , the banker resigned ."	The actors performed .	non-entailment
"Whether or not the student recommended the authors , the judge resigned ."	The student recommended the authors .	non-entailment
"Whether or not the manager stopped the author , the athlete resigned ."	The manager stopped the author .	non-entailment
"In case the banker helped the actors , the students advised the lawyers ."	The banker helped the actors .	non-entailment
"In case the manager advised the tourists , the secretaries contacted the professor ."	The manager advised the tourists .	non-entailment
"In case the lawyers waited , the athletes ran ."	The lawyers waited .	non-entailment
"In case the actors advised the senator , the judges danced ."	The actors advised the senator .	non-entailment
"If the authors shouted , the actor contacted the tourist ."	The authors shouted .	non-entailment
"In case the doctor saw the managers , the president shouted ."	The doctor saw the managers .	non-entailment
"If the lawyer avoided the athletes , the president stopped the judge ."	The lawyer avoided the athletes .	non-entailment
"In case the manager waited , the senators advised the doctors ."	The manager waited .	non-entailment
"Unless the artist shouted , the scientists called the president ."	The artist shouted .	non-entailment
"If the scientist advised the actor , the artist called the secretaries ."	The scientist advised the actor .	non-entailment
"Whether or not the managers slept , the judges stopped the secretary ."	The managers slept .	non-entailment
"Whether or not the professors supported the students , the actor stopped the scientist ."	The professors supported the students .	non-entailment
"Unless the author avoided the professors , the athletes recognized the actors ."	The author avoided the professors .	non-entailment
"If the tourist supported the secretary , the lawyers saw the actors ."	The tourist supported the secretary .	non-entailment
"In case the bankers advised the presidents , the author called the doctors ."	The bankers advised the presidents .	non-entailment
"In case the authors ran , the manager called the artists ."	The authors ran .	non-entailment
"In case the athletes encouraged the artists , the professors danced ."	The athletes encouraged the artists .	non-entailment
"Unless the senators resigned , the doctors recommended the banker ."	The senators resigned .	non-entailment
"Unless the secretaries supported the scientist , the students arrived ."	The secretaries supported the scientist .	non-entailment
"If the tourists avoided the actors , the scientists thanked the lawyers ."	The tourists avoided the actors .	non-entailment
"In case the scientists introduced the lawyers , the professor admired the secretaries ."	The scientists introduced the lawyers .	non-entailment
"Unless the actor danced , the doctors performed ."	The actor danced .	non-entailment
"Whether or not the secretary stopped the doctor , the tourist recommended the judge ."	The secretary stopped the doctor .	non-entailment
"Whether or not the manager saw the senators , the artists shouted ."	The manager saw the senators .	non-entailment
"Unless the manager danced , the doctors admired the lawyer ."	The manager danced .	non-entailment
"In case the managers recognized the doctor , the tourist recommended the author ."	The managers recognized the doctor .	non-entailment
"In case the doctors saw the tourist , the lawyer performed ."	The doctors saw the tourist .	non-entailment
"Unless the actors encouraged the student , the scientists introduced the secretaries ."	The actors encouraged the student .	non-entailment
"In case the students waited , the author stopped the professor ."	The students waited .	non-entailment
"Unless the banker recognized the author , the doctors shouted ."	The banker recognized the author .	non-entailment
"Unless the secretary introduced the author , the judge resigned ."	The secretary introduced the author .	non-entailment
"If the actors saw the manager , the tourists admired the senator ."	The actors saw the manager .	non-entailment
"In case the students shouted , the author supported the tourists ."	The students shouted .	non-entailment
"Unless the scientist called the presidents , the tourists avoided the student ."	The scientist called the presidents .	non-entailment
"Unless the athlete avoided the managers , the president waited ."	The athlete avoided the managers .	non-entailment
"Whether or not the scientists performed , the professors waited ."	The scientists performed .	non-entailment
"Unless the president ran , the artists supported the doctor ."	The president ran .	non-entailment
"Whether or not the judges encouraged the students , the tourist arrived ."	The judges encouraged the students .	non-entailment
"In case the tourist called the artists , the president believed the scientists ."	The tourist called the artists .	non-entailment
"Unless the managers ran , the scientist slept ."	The managers ran .	non-entailment
"Unless the actors saw the secretary , the lawyers admired the presidents ."	The actors saw the secretary .	non-entailment
"If the professor encouraged the manager , the senator thanked the banker ."	The professor encouraged the manager .	non-entailment
"Whether or not the authors recommended the athlete , the secretaries recognized the professors ."	The authors recommended the athlete .	non-entailment
"Whether or not the secretary stopped the actors , the artist helped the bankers ."	The secretary stopped the actors .	non-entailment
"Whether or not the professor thanked the athlete , the secretaries arrived ."	The professor thanked the athlete .	non-entailment
"If the actors stopped the bankers , the tourists called the scientists ."	The actors stopped the bankers .	non-entailment
"Whether or not the tourist believed the lawyer , the athlete admired the president ."	The tourist believed the lawyer .	non-entailment
"Whether or not the professor admired the judge , the presidents advised the doctors ."	The professor admired the judge .	non-entailment
"In case the managers saw the judge , the banker avoided the president ."	The managers saw the judge .	non-entailment
"Whether or not the judge encouraged the artists , the senator danced ."	The judge encouraged the artists .	non-entailment
"If the judge shouted , the professors encouraged the senators ."	The judge shouted .	non-entailment
"In case the scientist supported the lawyers , the president called the senator ."	The scientist supported the lawyers .	non-entailment
"In case the scientists encouraged the actor , the artists avoided the professors ."	The scientists encouraged the actor .	non-entailment
"Whether or not the secretary advised the athletes , the artist mentioned the managers ."	The secretary advised the athletes .	non-entailment
"In case the banker slept , the student ran ."	The banker slept .	non-entailment
"Unless the managers resigned , the athletes performed ."	The managers resigned .	non-entailment
"Whether or not the scientists slept , the senator helped the artist ."	The scientists slept .	non-entailment
"If the secretary danced , the scientists arrived ."	The secretary danced .	non-entailment
"In case the president supported the manager , the banker called the scientists ."	The president supported the manager .	non-entailment
"In case the authors advised the athlete , the judges admired the lawyer ."	The authors advised the athlete .	non-entailment
"If the artists saw the doctors , the judges resigned ."	The artists saw the doctors .	non-entailment
"In case the banker encouraged the doctor , the athlete recommended the managers ."	The banker encouraged the doctor .	non-entailment
"In case the artists danced , the tourists ran ."	The artists danced .	non-entailment
"In case the bankers danced , the secretary recommended the scientists ."	The bankers danced .	non-entailment
"If the authors admired the students , the actor avoided the lawyers ."	The authors admired the students .	non-entailment
"Whether or not the senators resigned , the manager recognized the professors ."	The senators resigned .	non-entailment
"If the senators encouraged the president , the banker helped the scientist ."	The senators encouraged the president .	non-entailment
"Unless the athlete recognized the manager , the authors resigned ."	The athlete recognized the manager .	non-entailment
"Whether or not the artists saw the tourists , the senator avoided the author ."	The artists saw the tourists .	non-entailment
"If the scientists admired the artist , the actor helped the manager ."	The scientists admired the artist .	non-entailment
"If the actors arrived , the managers encouraged the judges ."	The actors arrived .	non-entailment
"Unless the athlete stopped the actors , the authors danced ."	The athlete stopped the actors .	non-entailment
"If the senators ran , the presidents slept ."	The senators ran .	non-entailment
"Unless the lawyer supported the artists , the secretary saw the president ."	The lawyer supported the artists .	non-entailment
"Unless the doctor recognized the lawyers , the president encouraged the athletes ."	The doctor recognized the lawyers .	non-entailment
"If the bankers arrived , the professors advised the presidents ."	The bankers arrived .	non-entailment
"Whether or not the lawyer believed the athletes , the judges admired the actors ."	The lawyer believed the athletes .	non-entailment
"Whether or not the judges arrived , the scientist slept ."	The judges arrived .	non-entailment
"If the student resigned , the doctors thanked the bankers ."	The student resigned .	non-entailment
"If the president recommended the tourist , the professors recognized the secretaries ."	The president recommended the tourist .	non-entailment
"Whether or not the doctor called the authors , the judges danced ."	The doctor called the authors .	non-entailment
"In case the banker stopped the secretary , the doctor avoided the actor ."	The banker stopped the secretary .	non-entailment
"Unless the manager ran , the secretaries supported the students ."	The manager ran .	non-entailment
"In case the students avoided the manager , the athletes slept ."	The students avoided the manager .	non-entailment
"In case the managers danced , the author recommended the athletes ."	The managers danced .	non-entailment
"In case the scientists helped the doctor , the professors ran ."	The scientists helped the doctor .	non-entailment
"Whether or not the lawyers performed , the artist encouraged the banker ."	The lawyers performed .	non-entailment
"Unless the scientist admired the authors , the president recognized the tourist ."	The scientist admired the authors .	non-entailment
"Unless the judge thanked the manager , the students helped the athletes ."	The judge thanked the manager .	non-entailment
"Whether or not the managers slept , the senator resigned ."	The managers slept .	non-entailment
"Unless the doctors admired the secretary , the judges thanked the authors ."	The doctors admired the secretary .	non-entailment
"Unless the author saw the tourists , the lawyer arrived ."	The author saw the tourists .	non-entailment
"Unless the author helped the scientist , the banker introduced the judge ."	The author helped the scientist .	non-entailment
"If the manager danced , the presidents ran ."	The manager danced .	non-entailment
"Whether or not the student helped the professor , the scientist danced ."	The student helped the professor .	non-entailment
"In case the managers resigned , the banker called the tourists ."	The managers resigned .	non-entailment
"Whether or not the managers encouraged the presidents , the actors waited ."	The managers encouraged the presidents .	non-entailment
"Unless the judge admired the scientists , the lawyer performed ."	The judge admired the scientists .	non-entailment
"Unless the secretaries waited , the professor arrived ."	The secretaries waited .	non-entailment
"If the athletes waited , the authors believed the actors ."	The athletes waited .	non-entailment
"In case the professors called the manager , the secretaries introduced the doctor ."	The professors called the manager .	non-entailment
"In case the athlete slept , the judges introduced the doctors ."	The athlete slept .	non-entailment
"Whether or not the actor slept , the students helped the author ."	The actor slept .	non-entailment
"Unless the doctor slept , the president ran ."	The doctor slept .	non-entailment
"If the athlete avoided the secretary , the lawyer performed ."	The athlete avoided the secretary .	non-entailment
"Whether or not the senators mentioned the president , the actors thanked the banker ."	The senators mentioned the president .	non-entailment
"In case the senator supported the actor , the lawyer performed ."	The senator supported the actor .	non-entailment
"In case the managers arrived , the scientist shouted ."	The managers arrived .	non-entailment
"Whether or not the scientist called the doctor , the actors resigned ."	The scientist called the doctor .	non-entailment
"If the secretaries resigned , the athletes shouted ."	The secretaries resigned .	non-entailment
"Unless the scientists contacted the authors , the lawyer introduced the athletes ."	The scientists contacted the authors .	non-entailment
"Unless the doctors supported the artists , the banker believed the scientists ."	The doctors supported the artists .	non-entailment
"Unless the scientist slept , the professors shouted ."	The scientist slept .	non-entailment
"Whether or not the athlete recommended the professors , the scientists helped the presidents ."	The athlete recommended the professors .	non-entailment
"Unless the athletes recognized the secretary , the judges stopped the manager ."	The athletes recognized the secretary .	non-entailment
"In case the tourists encouraged the senators , the lawyers helped the doctor ."	The tourists encouraged the senators .	non-entailment
"In case the senator avoided the actors , the presidents slept ."	The senator avoided the actors .	non-entailment
"In case the senator contacted the judge , the lawyer recognized the tourists ."	The senator contacted the judge .	non-entailment
"Whether or not the tourist arrived , the professors helped the banker ."	The tourist arrived .	non-entailment
"If the judges advised the scientists , the doctor contacted the president ."	The judges advised the scientists .	non-entailment
"Whether or not the scientists supported the professors , the actor slept ."	The scientists supported the professors .	non-entailment
"In case the senator danced , the tourists ran ."	The senator danced .	non-entailment
"If the athlete shouted , the president mentioned the actors ."	The athlete shouted .	non-entailment
"If the student slept , the professor believed the actors ."	The student slept .	non-entailment
"If the scientist stopped the artists , the presidents resigned ."	The scientist stopped the artists .	non-entailment
"Unless the lawyer believed the authors , the artist helped the president ."	The lawyer believed the authors .	non-entailment
"Unless the scientist advised the students , the president shouted ."	The scientist advised the students .	non-entailment
"Whether or not the lawyer called the presidents , the artists shouted ."	The lawyer called the presidents .	non-entailment
"Unless the scientists supported the professor , the judge recommended the artist ."	The scientists supported the professor .	non-entailment
"Unless the bankers thanked the secretaries , the judges admired the students ."	The bankers thanked the secretaries .	non-entailment
"If the actors performed , the athletes admired the judges ."	The actors performed .	non-entailment
"If the senators avoided the artist , the actors called the bankers ."	The senators avoided the artist .	non-entailment
"If the senators admired the actors , the artists resigned ."	The senators admired the actors .	non-entailment
"Unless the athletes supported the scientist , the actor arrived ."	The athletes supported the scientist .	non-entailment
"Whether or not the authors waited , the scientist advised the athletes ."	The authors waited .	non-entailment
"Unless the actor resigned , the tourist waited ."	The actor resigned .	non-entailment
"If the judges recognized the manager , the tourists shouted ."	The judges recognized the manager .	non-entailment
"If the secretaries avoided the manager , the authors ran ."	The secretaries avoided the manager .	non-entailment
"In case the lawyers ran , the secretaries admired the banker ."	The lawyers ran .	non-entailment
"Unless the president advised the actor , the scientist recommended the authors ."	The president advised the actor .	non-entailment
"In case the manager recommended the secretaries , the actors mentioned the doctor ."	The manager recommended the secretaries .	non-entailment
"Whether or not the judge admired the actors , the president performed ."	The judge admired the actors .	non-entailment
"In case the secretaries slept , the professors avoided the doctor ."	The secretaries slept .	non-entailment
"In case the banker encouraged the president , the student called the senator ."	The banker encouraged the president .	non-entailment
"In case the secretary mentioned the tourists , the manager ran ."	The secretary mentioned the tourists .	non-entailment
"Unless the doctor called the judges , the scientist encouraged the authors ."	The doctor called the judges .	non-entailment
"Whether or not the managers avoided the senator , the secretary advised the president ."	The managers avoided the senator .	non-entailment
"Whether or not the judges arrived , the athletes performed ."	The judges arrived .	non-entailment
"In case the judges saw the actors , the tourist ran ."	The judges saw the actors .	non-entailment
"In case the scientists encouraged the doctor , the artist performed ."	The scientists encouraged the doctor .	non-entailment
"Whether or not the artist resigned , the secretaries encouraged the doctor ."	The artist resigned .	non-entailment
"If the managers thanked the lawyers , the doctors advised the authors ."	The managers thanked the lawyers .	non-entailment
"Whether or not the professors thanked the secretary , the lawyer performed ."	The professors thanked the secretary .	non-entailment
"In case the artists helped the senators , the tourists danced ."	The artists helped the senators .	non-entailment
"If the tourists called the secretary , the actors waited ."	The tourists called the secretary .	non-entailment
"If the lawyers arrived , the presidents contacted the scientist ."	The lawyers arrived .	non-entailment
"If the actor supported the manager , the secretaries advised the author ."	The actor supported the manager .	non-entailment
"If the professor contacted the presidents , the artist introduced the secretaries ."	The professor contacted the presidents .	non-entailment
"If the bankers performed , the judges mentioned the professor ."	The bankers performed .	non-entailment
"Whether or not the actors helped the athletes , the lawyers stopped the judges ."	The actors helped the athletes .	non-entailment
"Unless the presidents danced , the author encouraged the artist ."	The presidents danced .	non-entailment
"If the presidents ran , the senators recommended the author ."	The presidents ran .	non-entailment
"Unless the senator recognized the manager , the authors shouted ."	The senator recognized the manager .	non-entailment
"Unless the tourists contacted the doctor , the senators thanked the judges ."	The tourists contacted the doctor .	non-entailment
"If the students mentioned the presidents , the bankers believed the judges ."	The students mentioned the presidents .	non-entailment
"Unless the artists arrived , the managers contacted the athlete ."	The artists arrived .	non-entailment
"Whether or not the author recommended the banker , the lawyer slept ."	The author recommended the banker .	non-entailment
"Whether or not the professor shouted , the athlete ran ."	The professor shouted .	non-entailment
"Unless the bankers danced , the manager recommended the professor ."	The bankers danced .	non-entailment
"If the scientists admired the banker , the tourist helped the authors ."	The scientists admired the banker .	non-entailment
"In case the secretaries waited , the tourists arrived ."	The secretaries waited .	non-entailment
"In case the lawyers avoided the professors , the secretaries recognized the scientists ."	The lawyers avoided the professors .	non-entailment
"If the secretary introduced the judge , the banker avoided the tourist ."	The secretary introduced the judge .	non-entailment
"If the doctors shouted , the lawyers introduced the authors ."	The doctors shouted .	non-entailment
"Whether or not the doctors avoided the lawyers , the scientist recommended the actor ."	The doctors avoided the lawyers .	non-entailment
"If the artists supported the tourist , the students avoided the bankers ."	The artists supported the tourist .	non-entailment
"In case the bankers called the tourists , the professors recognized the athletes ."	The bankers called the tourists .	non-entailment
"In case the secretary saw the lawyers , the managers avoided the artist ."	The secretary saw the lawyers .	non-entailment
"Unless the scientists stopped the manager , the authors ran ."	The scientists stopped the manager .	non-entailment
"In case the actors danced , the secretaries believed the athlete ."	The actors danced .	non-entailment
"Unless the president ran , the lawyers encouraged the judges ."	The president ran .	non-entailment
"Whether or not the secretary supported the manager , the bankers danced ."	The secretary supported the manager .	non-entailment
"In case the secretaries believed the judges , the senator resigned ."	The secretaries believed the judges .	non-entailment
"Unless the artists resigned , the doctors stopped the senators ."	The artists resigned .	non-entailment
"Whether or not the athlete helped the manager , the actors advised the bankers ."	The athlete helped the manager .	non-entailment
"In case the artists encouraged the senators , the scientist introduced the bankers ."	The artists encouraged the senators .	non-entailment
"Whether or not the scientists believed the author , the judge danced ."	The scientists believed the author .	non-entailment
"If the doctors avoided the senators , the artist contacted the students ."	The doctors avoided the senators .	non-entailment
"Whether or not the presidents resigned , the professor shouted ."	The presidents resigned .	non-entailment
"In case the athlete performed , the artist believed the banker ."	The athlete performed .	non-entailment
"Unless the doctor arrived , the artists mentioned the president ."	The doctor arrived .	non-entailment
"Whether or not the professor advised the student , the artists thanked the doctor ."	The professor advised the student .	non-entailment
"Whether or not the lawyer introduced the author , the scientist contacted the athletes ."	The lawyer introduced the author .	non-entailment
"If the artist mentioned the actor , the professor recognized the secretary ."	The artist mentioned the actor .	non-entailment
"In case the judges helped the lawyers , the athletes ran ."	The judges helped the lawyers .	non-entailment
"In case the bankers danced , the scientist shouted ."	The bankers danced .	non-entailment
"In case the secretaries performed , the scientists called the bankers ."	The secretaries performed .	non-entailment
"Whether or not the senator contacted the tourists , the student avoided the presidents ."	The senator contacted the tourists .	non-entailment
"Whether or not the artist waited , the athletes ran ."	The artist waited .	non-entailment
"Whether or not the manager admired the secretaries , the athletes shouted ."	The manager admired the secretaries .	non-entailment
"In case the manager mentioned the scientists , the professor waited ."	The manager mentioned the scientists .	non-entailment
"Unless the scientists recommended the senators , the athletes arrived ."	The scientists recommended the senators .	non-entailment
"In case the author called the artists , the judge introduced the manager ."	The author called the artists .	non-entailment
"Unless the judge recommended the authors , the actor contacted the athlete ."	The judge recommended the authors .	non-entailment
"Whether or not the bankers ran , the author helped the students ."	The bankers ran .	non-entailment
"If the scientists danced , the tourists arrived ."	The scientists danced .	non-entailment
"If the managers helped the artist , the author believed the lawyer ."	The managers helped the artist .	non-entailment
"In case the doctor shouted , the student encouraged the athletes ."	The doctor shouted .	non-entailment
"Whether or not the doctors admired the secretary , the lawyers danced ."	The doctors admired the secretary .	non-entailment
"In case the secretary advised the doctors , the scientist introduced the judges ."	The secretary advised the doctors .	non-entailment
"In case the bankers shouted , the student avoided the doctor ."	The bankers shouted .	non-entailment
"Unless the student believed the manager , the doctor waited ."	The student believed the manager .	non-entailment
"Whether or not the scientists ran , the professor performed ."	The scientists ran .	non-entailment
"In case the athletes admired the managers , the tourist recognized the senators ."	The athletes admired the managers .	non-entailment
"In case the scientists contacted the lawyer , the artist shouted ."	The scientists contacted the lawyer .	non-entailment
"Unless the presidents ran , the artist saw the actors ."	The presidents ran .	non-entailment
"Whether or not the judges admired the bankers , the actors advised the artists ."	The judges admired the bankers .	non-entailment
"Unless the secretary ran , the actors called the athlete ."	The secretary ran .	non-entailment
"If the doctor stopped the secretaries , the lawyers arrived ."	The doctor stopped the secretaries .	non-entailment
"Whether or not the student contacted the tourists , the professors danced ."	The student contacted the tourists .	non-entailment
"Unless the professors encouraged the students , the doctors performed ."	The professors encouraged the students .	non-entailment
"In case the judges advised the artist , the secretaries admired the bankers ."	The judges advised the artist .	non-entailment
"In case the lawyer supported the senator , the professor helped the bankers ."	The lawyer supported the senator .	non-entailment
"Unless the secretary ran , the president mentioned the athletes ."	The secretary ran .	non-entailment
"If the managers stopped the actor , the doctors introduced the scientists ."	The managers stopped the actor .	non-entailment
"If the scientists recommended the bankers , the student recognized the professors ."	The scientists recommended the bankers .	non-entailment
"Unless the students helped the tourist , the professors slept ."	The students helped the tourist .	non-entailment
"In case the scientist mentioned the student , the lawyers recommended the judge ."	The scientist mentioned the student .	non-entailment
"In case the actor slept , the tourist contacted the artists ."	The actor slept .	non-entailment
"In case the athlete recognized the banker , the student shouted ."	The athlete recognized the banker .	non-entailment
"Whether or not the doctors shouted , the senators performed ."	The doctors shouted .	non-entailment
"In case the doctor waited , the banker stopped the athlete ."	The doctor waited .	non-entailment
"If the actors danced , the athlete performed ."	The actors danced .	non-entailment
"Unless the professors shouted , the lawyers recognized the scientist ."	The professors shouted .	non-entailment
"If the tourists advised the manager , the author waited ."	The tourists advised the manager .	non-entailment
"If the senators shouted , the actor supported the tourist ."	The senators shouted .	non-entailment
"Whether or not the authors ran , the bankers supported the athletes ."	The authors ran .	non-entailment
"If the scientist recognized the banker , the athlete thanked the tourists ."	The scientist recognized the banker .	non-entailment
"If the doctors ran , the tourists helped the professors ."	The doctors ran .	non-entailment
"Unless the secretary ran , the professors danced ."	The secretary ran .	non-entailment
"If the artist called the tourists , the lawyers waited ."	The artist called the tourists .	non-entailment
"In case the tourist helped the author , the scientists stopped the actor ."	The tourist helped the author .	non-entailment
"In case the author believed the lawyers , the artist danced ."	The author believed the lawyers .	non-entailment
"Whether or not the scientists supported the authors , the lawyer advised the secretaries ."	The scientists supported the authors .	non-entailment
"In case the senators performed , the athlete arrived ."	The senators performed .	non-entailment
"In case the students performed , the judges shouted ."	The students performed .	non-entailment
"In case the scientists waited , the lawyer performed ."	The scientists waited .	non-entailment
"Unless the president admired the secretary , the managers performed ."	The president admired the secretary .	non-entailment
"Whether or not the doctor admired the lawyers , the judge called the author ."	The doctor admired the lawyers .	non-entailment
"If the artist thanked the lawyers , the student arrived ."	The artist thanked the lawyers .	non-entailment
"If the bankers waited , the judges recommended the athletes ."	The bankers waited .	non-entailment
"Whether or not the lawyer danced , the actors avoided the tourists ."	The lawyer danced .	non-entailment
"Whether or not the authors thanked the managers , the doctor called the scientists ."	The authors thanked the managers .	non-entailment
"Whether or not the managers slept , the banker contacted the judges ."	The managers slept .	non-entailment
"If the senator thanked the managers , the scientists mentioned the judge ."	The senator thanked the managers .	non-entailment
"Unless the actors shouted , the artists arrived ."	The actors shouted .	non-entailment
"Unless the actor resigned , the senator believed the tourists ."	The actor resigned .	non-entailment
"If the authors shouted , the scientists recommended the tourists ."	The authors shouted .	non-entailment
"In case the judges performed , the president danced ."	The judges performed .	non-entailment
"Unless the banker thanked the secretary , the senators called the manager ."	The banker thanked the secretary .	non-entailment
"In case the manager recommended the lawyers , the authors admired the artist ."	The manager recommended the lawyers .	non-entailment
"If the tourist avoided the senators , the lawyers helped the artists ."	The tourist avoided the senators .	non-entailment
"Unless the banker called the lawyers , the actors avoided the tourists ."	The banker called the lawyers .	non-entailment
"If the scientists shouted , the lawyer danced ."	The scientists shouted .	non-entailment
"Unless the athlete performed , the secretary introduced the artist ."	The athlete performed .	non-entailment
"In case the athlete arrived , the senator ran ."	The athlete arrived .	non-entailment
"Unless the manager stopped the author , the tourist thanked the professors ."	The manager stopped the author .	non-entailment
"If the managers encouraged the senator , the student performed ."	The managers encouraged the senator .	non-entailment
"Unless the senators contacted the doctors , the professor helped the judges ."	The senators contacted the doctors .	non-entailment
"Unless the bankers recognized the secretary , the president called the lawyer ."	The bankers recognized the secretary .	non-entailment
"If the student advised the tourist , the senator encouraged the author ."	The student advised the tourist .	non-entailment
"Unless the judge saw the actors , the authors recognized the tourists ."	The judge saw the actors .	non-entailment
"If the lawyer admired the author , the bankers avoided the athletes ."	The lawyer admired the author .	non-entailment
"Whether or not the scientists mentioned the secretaries , the tourist encouraged the senator ."	The scientists mentioned the secretaries .	non-entailment
"If the judges recommended the secretaries , the professors recognized the banker ."	The judges recommended the secretaries .	non-entailment
"Unless the professors contacted the judge , the student helped the lawyer ."	The professors contacted the judge .	non-entailment
"Whether or not the author slept , the senator recommended the professors ."	The author slept .	non-entailment
"Whether or not the bankers slept , the lawyer admired the artists ."	The bankers slept .	non-entailment
"If the tourist performed , the secretary helped the artists ."	The tourist performed .	non-entailment
"Whether or not the artists contacted the doctor , the senators mentioned the professor ."	The artists contacted the doctor .	non-entailment
"Unless the student advised the secretaries , the judge recognized the artist ."	The student advised the secretaries .	non-entailment
"Whether or not the athletes encouraged the presidents , the doctors waited ."	The athletes encouraged the presidents .	non-entailment
"Unless the student supported the athletes , the scientist arrived ."	The student supported the athletes .	non-entailment
"Whether or not the tourist recognized the manager , the athlete danced ."	The tourist recognized the manager .	non-entailment
"Whether or not the tourist ran , the presidents encouraged the athletes ."	The tourist ran .	non-entailment
"Whether or not the tourists arrived , the scientist saw the bankers ."	The tourists arrived .	non-entailment
"If the scientists recommended the students , the managers waited ."	The scientists recommended the students .	non-entailment
"Whether or not the judges recognized the president , the lawyers shouted ."	The judges recognized the president .	non-entailment
"If the tourist shouted , the managers recognized the athlete ."	The tourist shouted .	non-entailment
"Unless the tourists performed , the students introduced the author ."	The tourists performed .	non-entailment
"If the doctors arrived , the secretary advised the tourist ."	The doctors arrived .	non-entailment
"In case the bankers recommended the doctor , the professor helped the athletes ."	The bankers recommended the doctor .	non-entailment
"In case the presidents stopped the judges , the students resigned ."	The presidents stopped the judges .	non-entailment
"Whether or not the secretaries helped the president , the lawyers waited ."	The secretaries helped the president .	non-entailment
"Unless the authors mentioned the athletes , the banker avoided the lawyer ."	The authors mentioned the athletes .	non-entailment
"Whether or not the judges advised the secretary , the doctor mentioned the students ."	The judges advised the secretary .	non-entailment
"In case the professor contacted the managers , the doctor advised the artists ."	The professor contacted the managers .	non-entailment
"Whether or not the student slept , the actors contacted the artist ."	The student slept .	non-entailment
"If the student recognized the artist , the lawyer performed ."	The student recognized the artist .	non-entailment
"Unless the artist shouted , the banker slept ."	The artist shouted .	non-entailment
"Unless the bankers introduced the scientists , the student thanked the professor ."	The bankers introduced the scientists .	non-entailment
"Whether or not the athlete helped the judge , the banker stopped the student ."	The athlete helped the judge .	non-entailment
"If the secretary mentioned the senator , the authors admired the managers ."	The secretary mentioned the senator .	non-entailment
"In case the president waited , the judges slept ."	The president waited .	non-entailment
"Whether or not the tourists introduced the athlete , the bankers called the judge ."	The tourists introduced the athlete .	non-entailment
"Unless the banker encouraged the lawyer , the judge recognized the scientist ."	The banker encouraged the lawyer .	non-entailment
"If the managers waited , the bankers ran ."	The managers waited .	non-entailment
"Whether or not the student saw the secretaries , the authors waited ."	The student saw the secretaries .	non-entailment
"Unless the students introduced the professor , the manager supported the doctor ."	The students introduced the professor .	non-entailment
"In case the athletes slept , the scientist saw the authors ."	The athletes slept .	non-entailment
"Whether or not the athletes avoided the judges , the author ran ."	The athletes avoided the judges .	non-entailment
"Unless the actors resigned , the banker arrived ."	The actors resigned .	non-entailment
"Whether or not the secretary danced , the artist thanked the doctor ."	The secretary danced .	non-entailment
"If the president waited , the scientist admired the senators ."	The president waited .	non-entailment
"If the managers slept , the secretaries resigned ."	The managers slept .	non-entailment
"Unless the lawyers admired the athlete , the professor recognized the doctors ."	The lawyers admired the athlete .	non-entailment
"Unless the judge called the banker , the athletes thanked the author ."	The judge called the banker .	non-entailment
"If the artists shouted , the doctor slept ."	The artists shouted .	non-entailment
"Unless the tourists shouted , the doctor helped the lawyers ."	The tourists shouted .	non-entailment
"Whether or not the artist introduced the doctor , the professors thanked the scientists ."	The artist introduced the doctor .	non-entailment
"Unless the lawyers saw the scientists , the secretaries arrived ."	The lawyers saw the scientists .	non-entailment
"If the lawyers recommended the authors , the professors recognized the artist ."	The lawyers recommended the authors .	non-entailment
"Unless the actor avoided the student , the doctor recommended the judges ."	The actor avoided the student .	non-entailment
"In case the artists slept , the actor waited ."	The artists slept .	non-entailment
"Unless the senators shouted , the athletes arrived ."	The senators shouted .	non-entailment
"Whether or not the authors ran , the judges recommended the professors ."	The authors ran .	non-entailment
"Whether or not the banker stopped the artists , the doctor mentioned the secretary ."	The banker stopped the artists .	non-entailment
"In case the artists shouted , the senators waited ."	The artists shouted .	non-entailment
"If the authors slept , the students admired the athlete ."	The authors slept .	non-entailment
"In case the manager believed the banker , the professor mentioned the judge ."	The manager believed the banker .	non-entailment
"In case the judge recognized the lawyers , the bankers danced ."	The judge recognized the lawyers .	non-entailment
"Whether or not the bankers resigned , the doctor believed the managers ."	The bankers resigned .	non-entailment
"In case the professor believed the authors , the artists helped the actor ."	The professor believed the authors .	non-entailment
"In case the president called the secretary , the actors contacted the author ."	The president called the secretary .	non-entailment
"If the managers saw the tourist , the senators shouted ."	The managers saw the tourist .	non-entailment
"Unless the artists advised the actor , the author called the judge ."	The artists advised the actor .	non-entailment
"If the tourist stopped the professors , the lawyer thanked the artists ."	The tourist stopped the professors .	non-entailment
"If the artists introduced the doctor , the student advised the lawyers ."	The artists introduced the doctor .	non-entailment
"If the managers saw the senators , the judges introduced the athletes ."	The managers saw the senators .	non-entailment
"Whether or not the judge admired the tourist , the professors slept ."	The judge admired the tourist .	non-entailment
"If the artist stopped the senators , the athlete arrived ."	The artist stopped the senators .	non-entailment
"If the professors mentioned the artist , the tourist arrived ."	The professors mentioned the artist .	non-entailment
"If the presidents believed the senators , the actors saw the manager ."	The presidents believed the senators .	non-entailment
"In case the scientists advised the banker , the professors admired the actor ."	The scientists advised the banker .	non-entailment
"Unless the banker recommended the professor , the tourist saw the student ."	The banker recommended the professor .	non-entailment
"Whether or not the actors waited , the presidents recommended the senator ."	The actors waited .	non-entailment
"In case the judges mentioned the scientists , the senator contacted the professor ."	The judges mentioned the scientists .	non-entailment
"If the scientists danced , the professors helped the tourists ."	The scientists danced .	non-entailment
"If the doctor contacted the student , the judges mentioned the scientists ."	The doctor contacted the student .	non-entailment
"Whether or not the banker recommended the secretary , the presidents danced ."	The banker recommended the secretary .	non-entailment
"Whether or not the tourist called the bankers , the doctors performed ."	The tourist called the bankers .	non-entailment
"If the secretary called the professors , the managers slept ."	The secretary called the professors .	non-entailment
"If the doctor shouted , the actors called the athletes ."	The doctor shouted .	non-entailment
"Whether or not the secretary danced , the lawyer mentioned the authors ."	The secretary danced .	non-entailment
"Whether or not the banker mentioned the scientists , the author stopped the actor ."	The banker mentioned the scientists .	non-entailment
"Unless the president advised the manager , the doctors admired the judge ."	The president advised the manager .	non-entailment
"If the doctor slept , the judges advised the athlete ."	The doctor slept .	non-entailment
"If the students introduced the actor , the tourists contacted the athletes ."	The students introduced the actor .	non-entailment
"In case the athletes contacted the manager , the tourist encouraged the presidents ."	The athletes contacted the manager .	non-entailment
"In case the senators arrived , the president supported the secretaries ."	The senators arrived .	non-entailment
"Unless the scientist advised the artists , the author saw the student ."	The scientist advised the artists .	non-entailment
"Whether or not the manager slept , the presidents advised the doctor ."	The manager slept .	non-entailment
"Whether or not the students encouraged the secretaries , the doctor advised the professors ."	The students encouraged the secretaries .	non-entailment
"If the artist waited , the scientists encouraged the athlete ."	The artist waited .	non-entailment
"Unless the senators arrived , the president contacted the banker ."	The senators arrived .	non-entailment
"Unless the scientists slept , the senators advised the secretary ."	The scientists slept .	non-entailment
"In case the student mentioned the manager , the senators waited ."	The student mentioned the manager .	non-entailment
"Unless the author slept , the athlete supported the senators ."	The author slept .	non-entailment
"If the lawyer arrived , the manager slept ."	The lawyer arrived .	non-entailment
"Whether or not the professors stopped the bankers , the students saw the judges ."	The professors stopped the bankers .	non-entailment
"Unless the lawyers thanked the judges , the scientists admired the senators ."	The lawyers thanked the judges .	non-entailment
"Whether or not the manager mentioned the author , the athlete avoided the judges ."	The manager mentioned the author .	non-entailment
"Unless the senator performed , the actors supported the managers ."	The senator performed .	non-entailment
"Whether or not the authors saw the professor , the secretaries stopped the banker ."	The authors saw the professor .	non-entailment
"Whether or not the lawyers helped the tourists , the actor stopped the banker ."	The lawyers helped the tourists .	non-entailment
"Whether or not the tourist helped the judges , the actor recognized the doctors ."	The tourist helped the judges .	non-entailment
"Unless the author saw the doctor , the senator recognized the artist ."	The author saw the doctor .	non-entailment
"If the doctors slept , the scientist waited ."	The doctors slept .	non-entailment
"Whether or not the secretaries resigned , the lawyers waited ."	The secretaries resigned .	non-entailment
"Unless the lawyers performed , the actor avoided the secretary ."	The lawyers performed .	non-entailment
"Whether or not the judge recommended the tourists , the artists supported the doctor ."	The judge recommended the tourists .	non-entailment
"Whether or not the manager performed , the actors waited ."	The manager performed .	non-entailment
"Whether or not the athletes danced , the scientist introduced the lawyers ."	The athletes danced .	non-entailment
"Whether or not the actor admired the athletes , the manager contacted the secretaries ."	The actor admired the athletes .	non-entailment
"Unless the managers danced , the professors believed the senator ."	The managers danced .	non-entailment
"If the doctors contacted the lawyer , the professor introduced the manager ."	The doctors contacted the lawyer .	non-entailment
"If the tourist saw the senators , the banker waited ."	The tourist saw the senators .	non-entailment
"Unless the actor encouraged the author , the students shouted ."	The actor encouraged the author .	non-entailment
"In case the artist recognized the authors , the senators shouted ."	The artist recognized the authors .	non-entailment
"If the managers danced , the doctors encouraged the scientists ."	The managers danced .	non-entailment
"If the author slept , the doctor advised the judges ."	The author slept .	non-entailment
"If the student helped the doctors , the managers waited ."	The student helped the doctors .	non-entailment
"If the banker arrived , the professor contacted the actors ."	The banker arrived .	non-entailment
"Whether or not the professors called the tourist , the judge saw the scientists ."	The professors called the tourist .	non-entailment
"Unless the artist slept , the tourists supported the athletes ."	The artist slept .	non-entailment
"Whether or not the tourist mentioned the athletes , the managers stopped the professor ."	The tourist mentioned the athletes .	non-entailment
"Unless the judge mentioned the artists , the senator called the presidents ."	The judge mentioned the artists .	non-entailment
"Whether or not the actors saw the artist , the judge supported the manager ."	The actors saw the artist .	non-entailment
"In case the artists recommended the authors , the athlete contacted the tourist ."	The artists recommended the authors .	non-entailment
"Unless the lawyer recommended the scientist , the senator admired the judge ."	The lawyer recommended the scientist .	non-entailment
"If the athletes performed , the actor avoided the secretaries ."	The athletes performed .	non-entailment
"Whether or not the professors slept , the doctor recognized the tourists ."	The professors slept .	non-entailment
"Unless the doctor thanked the professors , the bankers recommended the manager ."	The doctor thanked the professors .	non-entailment
"Unless the banker ran , the athlete helped the student ."	The banker ran .	non-entailment
"If the student called the manager , the secretary saw the bankers ."	The student called the manager .	non-entailment
"If the artists supported the authors , the tourist admired the athletes ."	The artists supported the authors .	non-entailment
"Whether or not the secretaries encouraged the athlete , the lawyers admired the students ."	The secretaries encouraged the athlete .	non-entailment
"Whether or not the judge helped the professors , the lawyers thanked the manager ."	The judge helped the professors .	non-entailment
"Unless the bankers saw the secretary , the actors arrived ."	The bankers saw the secretary .	non-entailment
"In case the bankers mentioned the doctors , the secretaries ran ."	The bankers mentioned the doctors .	non-entailment
"Whether or not the actor danced , the secretaries stopped the doctor ."	The actor danced .	non-entailment
"If the banker mentioned the lawyer , the artist danced ."	The banker mentioned the lawyer .	non-entailment
"Unless the managers introduced the senators , the presidents slept ."	The managers introduced the senators .	non-entailment
"If the student shouted , the tourist recommended the scientists ."	The student shouted .	non-entailment
"Whether or not the actors contacted the senators , the authors resigned ."	The actors contacted the senators .	non-entailment
"Unless the artist supported the actors , the doctor contacted the scientist ."	The artist supported the actors .	non-entailment
"In case the manager performed , the artist resigned ."	The manager performed .	non-entailment
"Unless the actors danced , the professors recognized the judges ."	The actors danced .	non-entailment
"In case the student contacted the author , the secretaries helped the doctor ."	The student contacted the author .	non-entailment
"In case the doctor danced , the senator recognized the actor ."	The doctor danced .	non-entailment
"If the banker waited , the senator slept ."	The banker waited .	non-entailment
"In case the scientists saw the secretary , the students avoided the professor ."	The scientists saw the secretary .	non-entailment
"Whether or not the actor supported the author , the banker admired the senators ."	The actor supported the author .	non-entailment
"Unless the bankers arrived , the lawyer slept ."	The bankers arrived .	non-entailment
"If the manager supported the lawyers , the secretary slept ."	The manager supported the lawyers .	non-entailment
"If the doctor encouraged the secretary , the judge contacted the tourist ."	The doctor encouraged the secretary .	non-entailment
"Unless the authors encouraged the artists , the bankers helped the lawyers ."	The authors encouraged the artists .	non-entailment
"In case the bankers waited , the manager contacted the author ."	The bankers waited .	non-entailment
"If the senator introduced the lawyers , the artist encouraged the doctors ."	The senator introduced the lawyers .	non-entailment
"In case the students resigned , the secretaries performed ."	The students resigned .	non-entailment
"In case the manager waited , the president shouted ."	The manager waited .	non-entailment
"If the actor resigned , the professor recognized the scientists ."	The actor resigned .	non-entailment
"Whether or not the professor recommended the secretaries , the tourists called the lawyer ."	The professor recommended the secretaries .	non-entailment
"In case the professors mentioned the secretaries , the actors danced ."	The professors mentioned the secretaries .	non-entailment
"Unless the scientists saw the student , the banker recommended the professors ."	The scientists saw the student .	non-entailment
"If the artists mentioned the student , the senators recognized the authors ."	The artists mentioned the student .	non-entailment
"In case the scientist advised the student , the tourists recommended the artists ."	The scientist advised the student .	non-entailment
"Whether or not the lawyer introduced the artist , the student helped the authors ."	The lawyer introduced the artist .	non-entailment
"If the bankers helped the senators , the doctors ran ."	The bankers helped the senators .	non-entailment
"If the students thanked the actor , the tourist shouted ."	The students thanked the actor .	non-entailment
"In case the managers encouraged the artist , the professor resigned ."	The managers encouraged the artist .	non-entailment
"Whether or not the secretary helped the lawyer , the student contacted the doctor ."	The secretary helped the lawyer .	non-entailment
"Unless the lawyers danced , the judges arrived ."	The lawyers danced .	non-entailment
"If the judge believed the managers , the lawyers avoided the doctors ."	The judge believed the managers .	non-entailment
"If the secretaries helped the students , the lawyers called the professor ."	The secretaries helped the students .	non-entailment
"Whether or not the secretaries helped the athlete , the scientist waited ."	The secretaries helped the athlete .	non-entailment
"Unless the scientist admired the tourist , the judges saw the students ."	The scientist admired the tourist .	non-entailment
"If the lawyer saw the banker , the actors contacted the artist ."	The lawyer saw the banker .	non-entailment
"Unless the senator arrived , the lawyer thanked the actor ."	The senator arrived .	non-entailment
"Whether or not the judge encouraged the presidents , the banker recommended the actor ."	The judge encouraged the presidents .	non-entailment
"Whether or not the lawyer advised the artists , the athlete resigned ."	The lawyer advised the artists .	non-entailment
"Whether or not the student mentioned the president , the scientist waited ."	The student mentioned the president .	non-entailment
"If the author avoided the lawyer , the actor helped the doctor ."	The author avoided the lawyer .	non-entailment
"Whether or not the authors introduced the senator , the tourists contacted the professor ."	The authors introduced the senator .	non-entailment
"Whether or not the student arrived , the judges admired the senator ."	The student arrived .	non-entailment
"Unless the athlete mentioned the secretary , the professor performed ."	The athlete mentioned the secretary .	non-entailment
"Whether or not the banker ran , the professor called the artists ."	The banker ran .	non-entailment
"In case the authors advised the athlete , the scientists helped the professor ."	The authors advised the athlete .	non-entailment
"In case the judge waited , the authors thanked the banker ."	The judge waited .	non-entailment
"Unless the author helped the professor , the students shouted ."	The author helped the professor .	non-entailment
"In case the doctor waited , the banker stopped the lawyer ."	The doctor waited .	non-entailment
"In case the artists recognized the scientist , the managers arrived ."	The artists recognized the scientist .	non-entailment
"Unless the lawyer stopped the artist , the athletes resigned ."	The lawyer stopped the artist .	non-entailment
"In case the authors introduced the artist , the president helped the doctor ."	The authors introduced the artist .	non-entailment
"If the secretary mentioned the professor , the managers shouted ."	The secretary mentioned the professor .	non-entailment
"Unless the scientists saw the author , the tourist slept ."	The scientists saw the author .	non-entailment
"Whether or not the scientist slept , the actor avoided the doctor ."	The scientist slept .	non-entailment
"Unless the judges called the actors , the banker resigned ."	The judges called the actors .	non-entailment
"In case the senators contacted the author , the banker stopped the actors ."	The senators contacted the author .	non-entailment
"If the scientists believed the doctors , the student contacted the artist ."	The scientists believed the doctors .	non-entailment
"Unless the tourists performed , the managers arrived ."	The tourists performed .	non-entailment
"Whether or not the bankers advised the doctors , the artist shouted ."	The bankers advised the doctors .	non-entailment
"Whether or not the tourists avoided the students , the author saw the presidents ."	The tourists avoided the students .	non-entailment
"If the athletes ran , the managers supported the actor ."	The athletes ran .	non-entailment
"In case the managers saw the lawyer , the artists waited ."	The managers saw the lawyer .	non-entailment
"In case the tourists shouted , the author believed the artists ."	The tourists shouted .	non-entailment
"Whether or not the senator supported the secretaries , the tourists recognized the artists ."	The senator supported the secretaries .	non-entailment
"Unless the artist arrived , the secretary contacted the presidents ."	The artist arrived .	non-entailment
"Unless the banker advised the doctors , the lawyer helped the artist ."	The banker advised the doctors .	non-entailment
"Whether or not the actors resigned , the artists slept ."	The actors resigned .	non-entailment
"In case the tourists mentioned the judges , the artist avoided the senators ."	The tourists mentioned the judges .	non-entailment
"In case the students avoided the author , the tourists recognized the president ."	The students avoided the author .	non-entailment
"If the lawyer recommended the actors , the students arrived ."	The lawyer recommended the actors .	non-entailment
"If the senator ran , the president called the tourist ."	The senator ran .	non-entailment
"Unless the professors introduced the actor , the senators resigned ."	The professors introduced the actor .	non-entailment
"Whether or not the scientist performed , the student saw the artists ."	The scientist performed .	non-entailment
"Unless the scientist thanked the lawyers , the senators slept ."	The scientist thanked the lawyers .	non-entailment
"Unless the artist resigned , the doctors recognized the actors ."	The artist resigned .	non-entailment
"Unless the secretary shouted , the scientist slept ."	The secretary shouted .	non-entailment
"In case the scientists ran , the author helped the secretaries ."	The scientists ran .	non-entailment
"In case the tourists waited , the doctor called the scientist ."	The tourists waited .	non-entailment
"If the athlete saw the doctors , the managers ran ."	The athlete saw the doctors .	non-entailment
"If the author believed the presidents , the tourists thanked the banker ."	The author believed the presidents .	non-entailment
"Whether or not the professor ran , the bankers believed the actors ."	The professor ran .	non-entailment
"In case the author arrived , the judges recognized the scientist ."	The author arrived .	non-entailment
"Unless the lawyers shouted , the artist introduced the bankers ."	The lawyers shouted .	non-entailment
"In case the tourist avoided the students , the artists slept ."	The tourist avoided the students .	non-entailment
"If the president admired the tourists , the athlete slept ."	The president admired the tourists .	non-entailment
"Whether or not the doctor ran , the manager slept ."	The doctor ran .	non-entailment
"Unless the senator believed the managers , the student resigned ."	The senator believed the managers .	non-entailment
"In case the judge danced , the author performed ."	The judge danced .	non-entailment
"Whether or not the doctors called the secretaries , the presidents slept ."	The doctors called the secretaries .	non-entailment
"Whether or not the doctors shouted , the presidents introduced the tourists ."	The doctors shouted .	non-entailment
"If the senators shouted , the students recommended the artist ."	The senators shouted .	non-entailment
"Whether or not the senators supported the judge , the doctor avoided the managers ."	The senators supported the judge .	non-entailment
"If the student recommended the managers , the authors danced ."	The student recommended the managers .	non-entailment
"Whether or not the students resigned , the senator stopped the professor ."	The students resigned .	non-entailment
"If the senators avoided the presidents , the professors performed ."	The senators avoided the presidents .	non-entailment
"If the secretaries called the lawyer , the scientist supported the actor ."	The secretaries called the lawyer .	non-entailment
"In case the actors resigned , the tourist arrived ."	The actors resigned .	non-entailment
"In case the professor avoided the bankers , the presidents shouted ."	The professor avoided the bankers .	non-entailment
"In case the author danced , the actors supported the doctors ."	The author danced .	non-entailment
"Unless the students called the lawyers , the athlete advised the senator ."	The students called the lawyers .	non-entailment
"Whether or not the secretary introduced the students , the authors stopped the doctor ."	The secretary introduced the students .	non-entailment
"Whether or not the managers stopped the artists , the scientists shouted ."	The managers stopped the artists .	non-entailment
"Unless the actor introduced the president , the bankers admired the scientists ."	The actor introduced the president .	non-entailment
"If the managers thanked the senator , the professors recommended the tourists ."	The managers thanked the senator .	non-entailment
"Whether or not the professor avoided the athlete , the author danced ."	The professor avoided the athlete .	non-entailment
"If the manager performed , the students called the artists ."	The manager performed .	non-entailment
"If the scientists introduced the professors , the actors stopped the banker ."	The scientists introduced the professors .	non-entailment
"Whether or not the senator arrived , the manager avoided the doctor ."	The senator arrived .	non-entailment
"Whether or not the president shouted , the judges mentioned the doctor ."	The president shouted .	non-entailment
"Unless the students thanked the secretary , the tourist introduced the judge ."	The students thanked the secretary .	non-entailment
"Whether or not the secretary introduced the lawyers , the president mentioned the managers ."	The secretary introduced the lawyers .	non-entailment
"Unless the artist contacted the senators , the judge slept ."	The artist contacted the senators .	non-entailment
"Whether or not the scientists admired the athletes , the authors recognized the bankers ."	The scientists admired the athletes .	non-entailment
"If the secretary mentioned the actor , the professor introduced the bankers ."	The secretary mentioned the actor .	non-entailment
"In case the manager contacted the senators , the artists recognized the actor ."	The manager contacted the senators .	non-entailment
"Whether or not the artist admired the manager , the scientist recognized the author ."	The artist admired the manager .	non-entailment
"If the artist slept , the presidents performed ."	The artist slept .	non-entailment
"Whether or not the tourist helped the actor , the bankers called the senator ."	The tourist helped the actor .	non-entailment
"If the student stopped the scientists , the athletes performed ."	The student stopped the scientists .	non-entailment
"Unless the athlete ran , the judges supported the artists ."	The athlete ran .	non-entailment
"If the scientists waited , the artist thanked the actor ."	The scientists waited .	non-entailment
"If the lawyer resigned , the athlete performed ."	The lawyer resigned .	non-entailment
"In case the professor arrived , the secretaries advised the authors ."	The professor arrived .	non-entailment
"If the senators slept , the lawyers advised the secretaries ."	The senators slept .	non-entailment
"In case the senator shouted , the athlete resigned ."	The senator shouted .	non-entailment
"Unless the senator mentioned the managers , the students danced ."	The senator mentioned the managers .	non-entailment
"Whether or not the doctor contacted the authors , the actor believed the lawyers ."	The doctor contacted the authors .	non-entailment
"Unless the lawyer thanked the senators , the artist helped the professors ."	The lawyer thanked the senators .	non-entailment
"Unless the authors arrived , the athletes introduced the managers ."	The authors arrived .	non-entailment
"Whether or not the student called the doctor , the managers waited ."	The student called the doctor .	non-entailment
"In case the president mentioned the professor , the athletes ran ."	The president mentioned the professor .	non-entailment
"In case the professors contacted the students , the managers mentioned the artists ."	The professors contacted the students .	non-entailment
"Whether or not the authors shouted , the lawyer slept ."	The authors shouted .	non-entailment
"If the actor supported the senators , the tourists waited ."	The actor supported the senators .	non-entailment
"If the students encouraged the president , the actors mentioned the senator ."	The students encouraged the president .	non-entailment
"Unless the author waited , the scientists slept ."	The author waited .	non-entailment
"In case the tourists encouraged the judges , the athletes arrived ."	The tourists encouraged the judges .	non-entailment
"Unless the manager avoided the lawyers , the artist helped the actor ."	The manager avoided the lawyers .	non-entailment
"Whether or not the manager thanked the tourists , the student contacted the professors ."	The manager thanked the tourists .	non-entailment
"In case the professor waited , the actor advised the lawyers ."	The professor waited .	non-entailment
"In case the presidents supported the secretaries , the judge advised the actors ."	The presidents supported the secretaries .	non-entailment
"If the lawyers called the bankers , the senators admired the president ."	The lawyers called the bankers .	non-entailment
"Unless the senators danced , the scientist ran ."	The senators danced .	non-entailment
"In case the authors advised the athlete , the secretary contacted the artist ."	The authors advised the athlete .	non-entailment
"Whether or not the doctors mentioned the presidents , the judge supported the managers ."	The doctors mentioned the presidents .	non-entailment
"Unless the presidents introduced the banker , the doctors recommended the students ."	The presidents introduced the banker .	non-entailment
"Whether or not the doctors resigned , the scientist shouted ."	The doctors resigned .	non-entailment
"In case the judge helped the tourists , the lawyers admired the scientists ."	The judge helped the tourists .	non-entailment
"Whether or not the lawyer danced , the doctors waited ."	The lawyer danced .	non-entailment
"In case the senator avoided the judge , the artist admired the tourist ."	The senator avoided the judge .	non-entailment
"In case the professors stopped the actor , the athlete admired the president ."	The professors stopped the actor .	non-entailment
"In case the doctor encouraged the artists , the tourists advised the secretaries ."	The doctor encouraged the artists .	non-entailment
"In case the managers advised the doctor , the tourists arrived ."	The managers advised the doctor .	non-entailment
"In case the artists supported the tourist , the scientists admired the senators ."	The artists supported the tourist .	non-entailment
"In case the secretary admired the actor , the athlete avoided the manager ."	The secretary admired the actor .	non-entailment
"Unless the scientists recognized the doctors , the judge shouted ."	The scientists recognized the doctors .	non-entailment
"In case the artists mentioned the doctor , the authors helped the president ."	The artists mentioned the doctor .	non-entailment
"Whether or not the manager thanked the authors , the athlete called the actor ."	The manager thanked the authors .	non-entailment
"If the students introduced the athletes , the manager helped the professors ."	The students introduced the athletes .	non-entailment
"In case the scientist supported the artist , the senators slept ."	The scientist supported the artist .	non-entailment
"Unless the doctors ran , the author believed the judge ."	The doctors ran .	non-entailment
"If the doctor thanked the judge , the actor admired the lawyer ."	The doctor thanked the judge .	non-entailment
"Unless the secretaries thanked the tourists , the scientists helped the senators ."	The secretaries thanked the tourists .	non-entailment
"Whether or not the secretary arrived , the professor recognized the bankers ."	The secretary arrived .	non-entailment
"Whether or not the judges encouraged the student , the professors resigned ."	The judges encouraged the student .	non-entailment
"Unless the student admired the judge , the authors thanked the tourists ."	The student admired the judge .	non-entailment
"In case the managers waited , the judges avoided the presidents ."	The managers waited .	non-entailment
"Unless the artists helped the judges , the presidents avoided the actors ."	The artists helped the judges .	non-entailment
"If the student admired the actors , the judges mentioned the athlete ."	The student admired the actors .	non-entailment
"If the artists danced , the scientist avoided the managers ."	The artists danced .	non-entailment
"If the secretaries danced , the athlete recognized the banker ."	The secretaries danced .	non-entailment
"Whether or not the tourist waited , the managers performed ."	The tourist waited .	non-entailment
"If the doctors advised the secretaries , the tourists helped the scientists ."	The doctors advised the secretaries .	non-entailment
"In case the student thanked the tourists , the senators contacted the lawyer ."	The student thanked the tourists .	non-entailment
"Unless the actor recommended the athlete , the author waited ."	The actor recommended the athlete .	non-entailment
"If the president shouted , the author called the lawyers ."	The president shouted .	non-entailment
"Unless the tourists danced , the doctor believed the president ."	The tourists danced .	non-entailment
"Unless the professor stopped the artist , the doctors supported the managers ."	The professor stopped the artist .	non-entailment
"If the scientist called the tourists , the artists believed the actors ."	The scientist called the tourists .	non-entailment
"Unless the bankers mentioned the judges , the manager arrived ."	The bankers mentioned the judges .	non-entailment
"Whether or not the senator helped the secretaries , the doctors supported the professor ."	The senator helped the secretaries .	non-entailment
"Whether or not the presidents helped the author , the senator arrived ."	The presidents helped the author .	non-entailment
"In case the lawyers encouraged the managers , the artists danced ."	The lawyers encouraged the managers .	non-entailment
"Whether or not the judge recognized the lawyers , the scientists admired the athlete ."	The judge recognized the lawyers .	non-entailment
"Unless the athlete arrived , the president supported the senators ."	The athlete arrived .	non-entailment
"Whether or not the managers called the authors , the doctor slept ."	The managers called the authors .	non-entailment
"Unless the doctor mentioned the judge , the banker saw the author ."	The doctor mentioned the judge .	non-entailment
"Whether or not the secretaries arrived , the students mentioned the bankers ."	The secretaries arrived .	non-entailment
"If the author danced , the lawyers stopped the judges ."	The author danced .	non-entailment
"If the doctor introduced the authors , the secretaries thanked the senator ."	The doctor introduced the authors .	non-entailment
"Whether or not the tourists danced , the doctor believed the senator ."	The tourists danced .	non-entailment
"Whether or not the author stopped the artists , the student shouted ."	The author stopped the artists .	non-entailment
"In case the actor admired the president , the professor waited ."	The actor admired the president .	non-entailment
"In case the doctor admired the presidents , the artists saw the actors ."	The doctor admired the presidents .	non-entailment
"If the actors performed , the professors recognized the manager ."	The actors performed .	non-entailment
"Whether or not the doctors believed the managers , the athlete saw the artist ."	The doctors believed the managers .	non-entailment
"Unless the presidents ran , the actors shouted ."	The presidents ran .	non-entailment
"In case the president waited , the secretaries saw the manager ."	The president waited .	non-entailment
"Unless the lawyer saw the managers , the doctor advised the actors ."	The lawyer saw the managers .	non-entailment
"Whether or not the actors arrived , the artists mentioned the bankers ."	The actors arrived .	non-entailment
"Unless the lawyer saw the judge , the professors believed the banker ."	The lawyer saw the judge .	non-entailment
"Whether or not the tourists saw the artist , the student thanked the president ."	The tourists saw the artist .	non-entailment
"Whether or not the bankers called the student , the artists shouted ."	The bankers called the student .	non-entailment
"If the presidents ran , the secretaries contacted the author ."	The presidents ran .	non-entailment
"Unless the senators avoided the banker , the president helped the students ."	The senators avoided the banker .	non-entailment
"In case the judge ran , the tourists recommended the managers ."	The judge ran .	non-entailment
"Whether or not the authors recognized the artist , the secretary ran ."	The authors recognized the artist .	non-entailment
"If the author waited , the actors saw the managers ."	The author waited .	non-entailment
"If the students introduced the athletes , the secretaries advised the banker ."	The students introduced the athletes .	non-entailment
"Unless the presidents thanked the scientists , the bankers shouted ."	The presidents thanked the scientists .	non-entailment
"If the lawyer arrived , the professor believed the presidents ."	The lawyer arrived .	non-entailment
"In case the student recommended the doctors , the actor thanked the professor ."	The student recommended the doctors .	non-entailment
"Unless the managers waited , the president arrived ."	The managers waited .	non-entailment
"If the artist shouted , the bankers recommended the authors ."	The artist shouted .	non-entailment
"In case the lawyer called the scientist , the artist helped the actor ."	The lawyer called the scientist .	non-entailment
"Whether or not the athletes stopped the authors , the presidents encouraged the secretaries ."	The athletes stopped the authors .	non-entailment
"Unless the tourists stopped the artists , the student waited ."	The tourists stopped the artists .	non-entailment
"If the tourists recommended the doctors , the banker stopped the scientist ."	The tourists recommended the doctors .	non-entailment
"In case the actors supported the judges , the senator shouted ."	The actors supported the judges .	non-entailment
"In case the professors contacted the lawyer , the secretary encouraged the students ."	The professors contacted the lawyer .	non-entailment
"In case the professors contacted the senators , the banker recognized the tourist ."	The professors contacted the senators .	non-entailment
"Whether or not the student avoided the author , the secretary thanked the artists ."	The student avoided the author .	non-entailment
"If the manager contacted the doctors , the secretaries mentioned the athlete ."	The manager contacted the doctors .	non-entailment
"In case the doctors avoided the senator , the actors believed the banker ."	The doctors avoided the senator .	non-entailment
"Unless the presidents arrived , the actors danced ."	The presidents arrived .	non-entailment
"Whether or not the managers admired the professors , the tourists supported the senator ."	The managers admired the professors .	non-entailment
"Unless the doctor waited , the scientist helped the lawyers ."	The doctor waited .	non-entailment
"Unless the doctor ran , the president avoided the senators ."	The doctor ran .	non-entailment
"In case the student admired the artist , the bankers stopped the judges ."	The student admired the artist .	non-entailment
"Unless the artist introduced the lawyer , the secretary performed ."	The artist introduced the lawyer .	non-entailment
"If the student performed , the doctors recommended the banker ."	The student performed .	non-entailment
"Unless the banker advised the judges , the president resigned ."	The banker advised the judges .	non-entailment
"Unless the tourists recognized the student , the actors helped the doctors ."	The tourists recognized the student .	non-entailment
"Unless the athlete resigned , the presidents stopped the scientists ."	The athlete resigned .	non-entailment
"Unless the banker thanked the tourist , the lawyers supported the secretary ."	The banker thanked the tourist .	non-entailment
"Unless the managers advised the athletes , the banker encouraged the lawyer ."	The managers advised the athletes .	non-entailment
"In case the bankers thanked the senator , the professor shouted ."	The bankers thanked the senator .	non-entailment
"In case the students danced , the president saw the actor ."	The students danced .	non-entailment
"Whether or not the bankers advised the athletes , the students saw the actors ."	The bankers advised the athletes .	non-entailment
"If the judge slept , the manager avoided the professor ."	The judge slept .	non-entailment
"Whether or not the banker contacted the athlete , the students arrived ."	The banker contacted the athlete .	non-entailment
"If the presidents resigned , the authors called the scientists ."	The presidents resigned .	non-entailment
"If the authors saw the student , the tourist stopped the professors ."	The authors saw the student .	non-entailment
"Unless the banker avoided the artist , the actors performed ."	The banker avoided the artist .	non-entailment
"Unless the actor avoided the student , the authors believed the banker ."	The actor avoided the student .	non-entailment
"If the authors avoided the secretaries , the doctor slept ."	The authors avoided the secretaries .	non-entailment
"Whether or not the author believed the banker , the professor advised the student ."	The author believed the banker .	non-entailment
"If the student encouraged the presidents , the scientist admired the secretaries ."	The student encouraged the presidents .	non-entailment
"Unless the athletes recognized the secretary , the artist shouted ."	The athletes recognized the secretary .	non-entailment
"If the actor introduced the judge , the lawyer stopped the secretary ."	The actor introduced the judge .	non-entailment
"In case the athlete ran , the author mentioned the presidents ."	The athlete ran .	non-entailment
"Whether or not the artist shouted , the doctors admired the secretaries ."	The artist shouted .	non-entailment
"Unless the professor mentioned the scientists , the artists arrived ."	The professor mentioned the scientists .	non-entailment
"Unless the author admired the students , the president stopped the athletes ."	The author admired the students .	non-entailment
"If the secretaries recommended the senator , the artists saw the managers ."	The secretaries recommended the senator .	non-entailment
"In case the banker performed , the lawyers advised the authors ."	The banker performed .	non-entailment
"If the artists performed , the tourists ran ."	The artists performed .	non-entailment
"Unless the judge encouraged the lawyers , the professors avoided the bankers ."	The judge encouraged the lawyers .	non-entailment
"In case the actors resigned , the tourists recognized the banker ."	The actors resigned .	non-entailment
"If the tourist resigned , the scientists recognized the students ."	The tourist resigned .	non-entailment
"In case the judge contacted the doctors , the president admired the senators ."	The judge contacted the doctors .	non-entailment
"Whether or not the bankers recommended the lawyer , the judge shouted ."	The bankers recommended the lawyer .	non-entailment
"In case the president performed , the athletes stopped the actor ."	The president performed .	non-entailment
"Whether or not the artists saw the judge , the senator arrived ."	The artists saw the judge .	non-entailment
"If the tourist slept , the judges helped the students ."	The tourist slept .	non-entailment
"Unless the athletes recommended the doctor , the professor mentioned the manager ."	The athletes recommended the doctor .	non-entailment
"In case the actors contacted the athletes , the president called the secretary ."	The actors contacted the athletes .	non-entailment
"If the actors supported the manager , the bankers contacted the presidents ."	The actors supported the manager .	non-entailment
"Whether or not the artist stopped the authors , the lawyer danced ."	The artist stopped the authors .	non-entailment
"If the tourist contacted the senators , the artist helped the authors ."	The tourist contacted the senators .	non-entailment
"Unless the lawyer avoided the athlete , the actors saw the senators ."	The lawyer avoided the athlete .	non-entailment
"If the authors admired the tourists , the senator slept ."	The authors admired the tourists .	non-entailment
"Unless the doctors danced , the scientist ran ."	The doctors danced .	non-entailment
"If the artist admired the judges , the athletes arrived ."	The artist admired the judges .	non-entailment
"Unless the authors stopped the judges , the student helped the scientists ."	The authors stopped the judges .	non-entailment
"In case the secretaries performed , the professors ran ."	The secretaries performed .	non-entailment
"If the managers ran , the artist supported the athlete ."	The managers ran .	non-entailment
"If the students resigned , the authors shouted ."	The students resigned .	non-entailment
"Whether or not the banker shouted , the actors stopped the author ."	The banker shouted .	non-entailment
"In case the manager contacted the students , the lawyers avoided the judges ."	The manager contacted the students .	non-entailment
"If the professor slept , the scientists contacted the secretary ."	The professor slept .	non-entailment
"In case the student saw the secretaries , the actors performed ."	The student saw the secretaries .	non-entailment
"In case the tourists performed , the artist slept ."	The tourists performed .	non-entailment
"Unless the scientists helped the professor , the students performed ."	The scientists helped the professor .	non-entailment
"If the tourist called the author , the secretaries introduced the actors ."	The tourist called the author .	non-entailment
"Whether or not the lawyer supported the judge , the artist helped the actors ."	The lawyer supported the judge .	non-entailment
"Unless the doctor danced , the senator believed the managers ."	The doctor danced .	non-entailment
"If the judge admired the senators , the artists avoided the president ."	The judge admired the senators .	non-entailment
"In case the professors danced , the scientist performed ."	The professors danced .	non-entailment
"Unless the lawyers avoided the authors , the doctors helped the scientists ."	The lawyers avoided the authors .	non-entailment
"In case the lawyers introduced the presidents , the athletes arrived ."	The lawyers introduced the presidents .	non-entailment
"Unless the actors encouraged the senators , the artist thanked the judges ."	The actors encouraged the senators .	non-entailment
"Unless the tourists thanked the professor , the banker contacted the managers ."	The tourists thanked the professor .	non-entailment
"Whether or not the authors arrived , the artists mentioned the judges ."	The authors arrived .	non-entailment
"In case the student performed , the author arrived ."	The student performed .	non-entailment
"If the bankers performed , the tourist mentioned the lawyers ."	The bankers performed .	non-entailment
"Whether or not the senator ran , the secretary helped the presidents ."	The senator ran .	non-entailment
"Whether or not the tourists advised the presidents , the students slept ."	The tourists advised the presidents .	non-entailment
"In case the secretaries helped the judge , the senator avoided the actors ."	The secretaries helped the judge .	non-entailment
"Unless the professor introduced the artist , the senator resigned ."	The professor introduced the artist .	non-entailment
"In case the professor admired the doctor , the authors avoided the judge ."	The professor admired the doctor .	non-entailment
"Unless the senators encouraged the lawyer , the scientist slept ."	The senators encouraged the lawyer .	non-entailment
"Unless the scientist encouraged the lawyer , the secretaries waited ."	The scientist encouraged the lawyer .	non-entailment
"Unless the professors arrived , the artists mentioned the presidents ."	The professors arrived .	non-entailment
"Unless the artists ran , the students danced ."	The artists ran .	non-entailment
"Unless the professor introduced the president , the actors arrived ."	The professor introduced the president .	non-entailment
"Unless the secretary performed , the author recommended the scientists ."	The secretary performed .	non-entailment
"Whether or not the tourists recognized the author , the presidents recommended the judges ."	The tourists recognized the author .	non-entailment
"Unless the actors introduced the professors , the tourists thanked the bankers ."	The actors introduced the professors .	non-entailment
"In case the artist resigned , the tourist slept ."	The artist resigned .	non-entailment
"In case the scientists advised the students , the judge encouraged the athlete ."	The scientists advised the students .	non-entailment
"In case the bankers called the professor , the artists mentioned the manager ."	The bankers called the professor .	non-entailment
"In case the secretaries resigned , the bankers arrived ."	The secretaries resigned .	non-entailment
"Whether or not the doctor danced , the tourists avoided the scientists ."	The doctor danced .	non-entailment
"Unless the senator introduced the bankers , the secretaries encouraged the doctor ."	The senator introduced the bankers .	non-entailment
"In case the scientist helped the author , the actors shouted ."	The scientist helped the author .	non-entailment
"Unless the manager advised the judge , the senators thanked the athlete ."	The manager advised the judge .	non-entailment
"Whether or not the judge admired the doctor , the lawyer resigned ."	The judge admired the doctor .	non-entailment
"Whether or not the managers admired the scientist , the tourist slept ."	The managers admired the scientist .	non-entailment
"Unless the banker thanked the lawyers , the students encouraged the artist ."	The banker thanked the lawyers .	non-entailment
"Unless the authors helped the actors , the lawyer arrived ."	The authors helped the actors .	non-entailment
"If the doctors helped the artists , the lawyers admired the bankers ."	The doctors helped the artists .	non-entailment
"In case the student helped the bankers , the doctors recommended the managers ."	The student helped the bankers .	non-entailment
"In case the athlete called the lawyers , the judge recommended the doctors ."	The athlete called the lawyers .	non-entailment
"Unless the artist avoided the doctor , the actor performed ."	The artist avoided the doctor .	non-entailment
"In case the secretaries introduced the manager , the athlete believed the bankers ."	The secretaries introduced the manager .	non-entailment
"Unless the athletes stopped the presidents , the artists performed ."	The athletes stopped the presidents .	non-entailment
"In case the professors shouted , the actor believed the lawyers ."	The professors shouted .	non-entailment
"Unless the doctor waited , the authors recognized the presidents ."	The doctor waited .	non-entailment
"In case the doctor admired the author , the manager encouraged the athlete ."	The doctor admired the author .	non-entailment
"In case the presidents saw the secretary , the tourist ran ."	The presidents saw the secretary .	non-entailment
"Unless the students performed , the judge thanked the senator ."	The students performed .	non-entailment
"Unless the secretaries introduced the doctor , the authors shouted ."	The secretaries introduced the doctor .	non-entailment
"Unless the actors ran , the professors recognized the senator ."	The actors ran .	non-entailment
"If the athletes arrived , the tourist believed the secretary ."	The athletes arrived .	non-entailment
"In case the scientist recognized the artist , the tourist admired the managers ."	The scientist recognized the artist .	non-entailment
"If the manager danced , the professors contacted the bankers ."	The manager danced .	non-entailment
"In case the actors mentioned the scientist , the lawyer admired the professor ."	The actors mentioned the scientist .	non-entailment
"Whether or not the athletes waited , the bankers performed ."	The athletes waited .	non-entailment
"If the judge mentioned the actors , the authors contacted the senators ."	The judge mentioned the actors .	non-entailment
"If the artists stopped the lawyers , the scientists ran ."	The artists stopped the lawyers .	non-entailment
"In case the senator introduced the artists , the actors recognized the tourists ."	The senator introduced the artists .	non-entailment
"Unless the judges mentioned the author , the athletes arrived ."	The judges mentioned the author .	non-entailment
"Unless the doctor supported the authors , the judge advised the lawyers ."	The doctor supported the authors .	non-entailment
"Unless the students shouted , the artists contacted the managers ."	The students shouted .	non-entailment
"In case the student believed the author , the tourists introduced the secretaries ."	The student believed the author .	non-entailment
"Unless the secretary encouraged the athlete , the actor waited ."	The secretary encouraged the athlete .	non-entailment
"In case the senators ran , the judges helped the secretary ."	The senators ran .	non-entailment
"Unless the judges thanked the banker , the artists saw the students ."	The judges thanked the banker .	non-entailment
"Whether or not the lawyers waited , the tourist arrived ."	The lawyers waited .	non-entailment
"Whether or not the bankers ran , the actor called the scientist ."	The bankers ran .	non-entailment
"In case the bankers called the athletes , the judges shouted ."	The bankers called the athletes .	non-entailment
"Unless the athlete slept , the professor avoided the lawyers ."	The athlete slept .	non-entailment
"If the secretary called the actor , the scientist saw the tourists ."	The secretary called the actor .	non-entailment
"If the professors avoided the lawyers , the student admired the managers ."	The professors avoided the lawyers .	non-entailment
"Unless the senators admired the judges , the author waited ."	The senators admired the judges .	non-entailment
"Whether or not the lawyer stopped the actor , the banker called the president ."	The lawyer stopped the actor .	non-entailment
"Unless the professors ran , the students avoided the authors ."	The professors ran .	non-entailment
"If the secretary shouted , the actors avoided the artist ."	The secretary shouted .	non-entailment
"Unless the bankers saw the doctors , the tourists arrived ."	The bankers saw the doctors .	non-entailment
"Whether or not the lawyers called the scientists , the athlete slept ."	The lawyers called the scientists .	non-entailment
"Whether or not the president shouted , the secretary mentioned the manager ."	The president shouted .	non-entailment
"Unless the secretaries thanked the tourist , the actors performed ."	The secretaries thanked the tourist .	non-entailment
"If the managers helped the senators , the bankers performed ."	The managers helped the senators .	non-entailment
"Whether or not the tourists performed , the artists waited ."	The tourists performed .	non-entailment
"In case the lawyer stopped the president , the senators avoided the scientist ."	The lawyer stopped the president .	non-entailment
"In case the presidents stopped the bankers , the secretaries slept ."	The presidents stopped the bankers .	non-entailment
"Unless the bankers stopped the athlete , the student thanked the professors ."	The bankers stopped the athlete .	non-entailment
"If the students recognized the secretaries , the artists slept ."	The students recognized the secretaries .	non-entailment
"If the senators arrived , the athlete believed the student ."	The senators arrived .	non-entailment
"Unless the doctor recognized the artists , the students mentioned the scientists ."	The doctor recognized the artists .	non-entailment
"In case the managers believed the senators , the author encouraged the president ."	The managers believed the senators .	non-entailment
"In case the doctor called the artists , the professor resigned ."	The doctor called the artists .	non-entailment
"Whether or not the doctor admired the athlete , the author performed ."	The doctor admired the athlete .	non-entailment
"Whether or not the lawyer shouted , the senators introduced the artists ."	The lawyer shouted .	non-entailment
"If the professor recognized the author , the actor ran ."	The professor recognized the author .	non-entailment
"In case the judge believed the professors , the athletes introduced the lawyer ."	The judge believed the professors .	non-entailment
"Whether or not the artist helped the president , the lawyer recognized the doctor ."	The artist helped the president .	non-entailment
"Unless the presidents waited , the professors admired the judge ."	The presidents waited .	non-entailment
"In case the actors introduced the president , the athletes danced ."	The actors introduced the president .	non-entailment
"Whether or not the students arrived , the scientists recommended the actors ."	The students arrived .	non-entailment
"Unless the actors supported the scientist , the artists resigned ."	The actors supported the scientist .	non-entailment
"Whether or not the manager encouraged the lawyers , the presidents stopped the scientists ."	The manager encouraged the lawyers .	non-entailment
"If the banker resigned , the students admired the secretary ."	The banker resigned .	non-entailment
"Whether or not the artists contacted the managers , the tourist supported the judge ."	The artists contacted the managers .	non-entailment
"Unless the doctors mentioned the scientists , the author believed the tourist ."	The doctors mentioned the scientists .	non-entailment
"Whether or not the doctors introduced the judge , the secretaries mentioned the president ."	The doctors introduced the judge .	non-entailment
"In case the doctors recommended the presidents , the tourist arrived ."	The doctors recommended the presidents .	non-entailment
"Unless the manager avoided the actors , the senators encouraged the students ."	The manager avoided the actors .	non-entailment
"Whether or not the judge avoided the artist , the secretary advised the scientists ."	The judge avoided the artist .	non-entailment
"Whether or not the tourist slept , the presidents saw the doctor ."	The tourist slept .	non-entailment
"In case the athlete arrived , the lawyers supported the scientist ."	The athlete arrived .	non-entailment
"If the student thanked the artist , the banker recognized the authors ."	The student thanked the artist .	non-entailment
"Unless the students advised the lawyer , the authors arrived ."	The students advised the lawyer .	non-entailment
"If the secretaries ran , the lawyers stopped the professor ."	The secretaries ran .	non-entailment
"If the athletes believed the scientists , the banker arrived ."	The athletes believed the scientists .	non-entailment
"Whether or not the president mentioned the lawyer , the scientists slept ."	The president mentioned the lawyer .	non-entailment
"In case the president advised the senators , the artist called the lawyer ."	The president advised the senators .	non-entailment
"Whether or not the professor recommended the student , the judges saw the artists ."	The professor recommended the student .	non-entailment
"In case the professors shouted , the scientist performed ."	The professors shouted .	non-entailment
"In case the banker called the authors , the secretary encouraged the professor ."	The banker called the authors .	non-entailment
"If the senators helped the secretary , the actor thanked the scientist ."	The senators helped the secretary .	non-entailment
"Whether or not the lawyers recommended the managers , the doctor called the judges ."	The lawyers recommended the managers .	non-entailment
"In case the tourist saw the senator , the actor resigned ."	The tourist saw the senator .	non-entailment
"In case the presidents admired the professor , the banker stopped the scientist ."	The presidents admired the professor .	non-entailment
"If the artist thanked the professor , the judges recommended the athlete ."	The artist thanked the professor .	non-entailment
"Whether or not the senators shouted , the tourists supported the managers ."	The senators shouted .	non-entailment
"Unless the bankers stopped the tourist , the scientists supported the managers ."	The bankers stopped the tourist .	non-entailment
"If the author mentioned the artists , the senators slept ."	The author mentioned the artists .	non-entailment
"Unless the senator mentioned the scientist , the manager slept ."	The senator mentioned the scientist .	non-entailment
"Unless the bankers danced , the president admired the lawyers ."	The bankers danced .	non-entailment
"Whether or not the secretary thanked the tourists , the students arrived ."	The secretary thanked the tourists .	non-entailment
"If the student performed , the doctor recognized the senator ."	The student performed .	non-entailment
"If the scientist ran , the artist admired the lawyer ."	The scientist ran .	non-entailment
"Unless the artists helped the scientists , the judge resigned ."	The artists helped the scientists .	non-entailment
"If the professor admired the president , the secretaries thanked the author ."	The professor admired the president .	non-entailment
"If the author recognized the senators , the artists advised the bankers ."	The author recognized the senators .	non-entailment
"In case the secretary arrived , the professor mentioned the banker ."	The secretary arrived .	non-entailment
"If the managers mentioned the judges , the president ran ."	The managers mentioned the judges .	non-entailment
"In case the tourist mentioned the bankers , the authors admired the judges ."	The tourist mentioned the bankers .	non-entailment
"If the president admired the scientist , the bankers ran ."	The president admired the scientist .	non-entailment
"In case the judges resigned , the doctors avoided the scientists ."	The judges resigned .	non-entailment
"Whether or not the judges admired the artist , the tourists encouraged the senator ."	The judges admired the artist .	non-entailment
"Whether or not the student believed the tourist , the judge called the artists ."	The student believed the tourist .	non-entailment
"If the managers recommended the senator , the banker arrived ."	The managers recommended the senator .	non-entailment
"If the senators performed , the lawyers mentioned the actors ."	The senators performed .	non-entailment
"If the athletes ran , the banker slept ."	The athletes ran .	non-entailment
"If the professor helped the athlete , the scientist advised the actors ."	The professor helped the athlete .	non-entailment
"If the athlete waited , the author danced ."	The athlete waited .	non-entailment
"Unless the doctors saw the scientist , the author thanked the students ."	The doctors saw the scientist .	non-entailment
"If the lawyer advised the doctor , the tourists thanked the bankers ."	The lawyer advised the doctor .	non-entailment
"Unless the bankers mentioned the tourists , the actor admired the manager ."	The bankers mentioned the tourists .	non-entailment
"If the presidents supported the manager , the professors introduced the scientist ."	The presidents supported the manager .	non-entailment
"Unless the student danced , the artists recognized the athletes ."	The student danced .	non-entailment
"In case the tourists slept , the actors avoided the doctor ."	The tourists slept .	non-entailment
"Whether or not the lawyers encouraged the managers , the judges shouted ."	The lawyers encouraged the managers .	non-entailment
"Whether or not the scientist waited , the tourist shouted ."	The scientist waited .	non-entailment
"Whether or not the professors encouraged the president , the lawyers arrived ."	The professors encouraged the president .	non-entailment
"Unless the manager contacted the professors , the artist supported the tourist ."	The manager contacted the professors .	non-entailment
"Whether or not the doctors avoided the professor , the tourist saw the senators ."	The doctors avoided the professor .	non-entailment
"In case the tourists shouted , the professors recommended the judge ."	The tourists shouted .	non-entailment
"Unless the doctor ran , the tourists slept ."	The doctor ran .	non-entailment
"If the tourist resigned , the judge believed the athletes ."	The tourist resigned .	non-entailment
"Whether or not the secretaries performed , the authors danced ."	The secretaries performed .	non-entailment
"If the athlete recommended the actors , the lawyers slept ."	The athlete recommended the actors .	non-entailment
"Whether or not the senators thanked the tourists , the banker saw the scientist ."	The senators thanked the tourists .	non-entailment
"If the senators admired the students , the banker introduced the president ."	The senators admired the students .	non-entailment
"In case the doctor advised the scientist , the managers called the professor ."	The doctor advised the scientist .	non-entailment
"Unless the artists slept , the professor waited ."	The artists slept .	non-entailment
"In case the secretaries believed the professor , the athlete admired the judge ."	The secretaries believed the professor .	non-entailment
"Unless the banker contacted the doctors , the senators called the professor ."	The banker contacted the doctors .	non-entailment
"In case the doctors admired the tourists , the managers saw the actors ."	The doctors admired the tourists .	non-entailment
"If the artist thanked the athlete , the presidents introduced the banker ."	The artist thanked the athlete .	non-entailment
"If the secretary slept , the judge recommended the authors ."	The secretary slept .	non-entailment
"Whether or not the professors called the artist , the president recognized the secretary ."	The professors called the artist .	non-entailment
"If the athletes contacted the doctors , the actor supported the students ."	The athletes contacted the doctors .	non-entailment
"Whether or not the tourist recommended the authors , the scientists advised the artists ."	The tourist recommended the authors .	non-entailment
"If the athletes slept , the judges advised the managers ."	The athletes slept .	non-entailment
"In case the lawyer recognized the manager , the presidents advised the athlete ."	The lawyer recognized the manager .	non-entailment
"Unless the judge waited , the athlete advised the actor ."	The judge waited .	non-entailment
"If the tourist supported the authors , the scientists advised the bankers ."	The tourist supported the authors .	non-entailment
"Unless the artist waited , the presidents admired the judge ."	The artist waited .	non-entailment
"If the doctor avoided the tourist , the managers admired the student ."	The doctor avoided the tourist .	non-entailment
"In case the scientist stopped the student , the lawyer arrived ."	The scientist stopped the student .	non-entailment
"In case the athletes ran , the authors believed the actors ."	The athletes ran .	non-entailment
"If the lawyers arrived , the doctor believed the tourists ."	The lawyers arrived .	non-entailment
"Whether or not the presidents performed , the athlete ran ."	The presidents performed .	non-entailment
"In case the tourist contacted the lawyers , the students waited ."	The tourist contacted the lawyers .	non-entailment
"In case the bankers admired the manager , the senators called the tourists ."	The bankers admired the manager .	non-entailment
"Unless the authors recommended the senators , the scientists called the artist ."	The authors recommended the senators .	non-entailment
"In case the professor arrived , the managers called the presidents ."	The professor arrived .	non-entailment
"Whether or not the doctor performed , the scientists stopped the manager ."	The doctor performed .	non-entailment
"Unless the secretary mentioned the scientist , the authors waited ."	The secretary mentioned the scientist .	non-entailment
"In case the tourists advised the scientists , the secretary ran ."	The tourists advised the scientists .	non-entailment
"If the senator arrived , the bankers ran ."	The senator arrived .	non-entailment
"If the scientist called the professors , the doctor introduced the banker ."	The scientist called the professors .	non-entailment
"In case the students stopped the doctor , the lawyer slept ."	The students stopped the doctor .	non-entailment
"In case the judges recognized the professors , the doctors introduced the tourist ."	The judges recognized the professors .	non-entailment
"Whether or not the authors saw the actor , the lawyer danced ."	The authors saw the actor .	non-entailment
"Unless the presidents performed , the artist danced ."	The presidents performed .	non-entailment
"Whether or not the presidents avoided the student , the judge recommended the athlete ."	The presidents avoided the student .	non-entailment
"Unless the athletes danced , the judge thanked the artist ."	The athletes danced .	non-entailment
"If the author avoided the president , the students arrived ."	The author avoided the president .	non-entailment
"In case the students admired the secretaries , the banker ran ."	The students admired the secretaries .	non-entailment
"Whether or not the authors recognized the senator , the artist recommended the actor ."	The authors recognized the senator .	non-entailment
"If the manager resigned , the actor introduced the senator ."	The manager resigned .	non-entailment
"Whether or not the author ran , the actor encouraged the presidents ."	The author ran .	non-entailment
"Unless the banker contacted the author , the tourist stopped the lawyer ."	The banker contacted the author .	non-entailment
"In case the secretaries arrived , the managers saw the lawyer ."	The secretaries arrived .	non-entailment
"Whether or not the actor stopped the secretaries , the judges recommended the managers ."	The actor stopped the secretaries .	non-entailment
"In case the actor mentioned the judges , the tourists advised the authors ."	The actor mentioned the judges .	non-entailment
"In case the athletes waited , the lawyer believed the doctor ."	The athletes waited .	non-entailment
"Unless the banker mentioned the students , the secretaries slept ."	The banker mentioned the students .	non-entailment
"Whether or not the actor called the tourists , the senators advised the managers ."	The actor called the tourists .	non-entailment
"In case the doctor mentioned the manager , the professor shouted ."	The doctor mentioned the manager .	non-entailment
"If the judges performed , the artist saw the bankers ."	The judges performed .	non-entailment
"In case the athletes saw the senators , the students avoided the author ."	The athletes saw the senators .	non-entailment
"In case the senators performed , the lawyers shouted ."	The senators performed .	non-entailment
"If the presidents stopped the bankers , the author danced ."	The presidents stopped the bankers .	non-entailment
"In case the managers performed , the lawyers waited ."	The managers performed .	non-entailment
"If the managers recognized the senator , the presidents saw the actors ."	The managers recognized the senator .	non-entailment
"Unless the artists helped the professors , the president shouted ."	The artists helped the professors .	non-entailment
"Unless the scientist helped the tourists , the secretaries waited ."	The scientist helped the tourists .	non-entailment
"If the judges stopped the presidents , the artists waited ."	The judges stopped the presidents .	non-entailment
"Unless the lawyers danced , the judge supported the tourists ."	The lawyers danced .	non-entailment
"If the author contacted the students , the bankers avoided the doctors ."	The author contacted the students .	non-entailment
"Unless the doctors performed , the actors saw the banker ."	The doctors performed .	non-entailment
"If the scientist arrived , the doctor thanked the athletes ."	The scientist arrived .	non-entailment
"Unless the athletes stopped the professors , the authors avoided the managers ."	The athletes stopped the professors .	non-entailment
"Whether or not the scientists stopped the tourists , the senator thanked the artists ."	The scientists stopped the tourists .	non-entailment
"If the doctor supported the student , the senator danced ."	The doctor supported the student .	non-entailment
"In case the manager performed , the senators resigned ."	The manager performed .	non-entailment
"In case the senators admired the secretaries , the actors helped the manager ."	The senators admired the secretaries .	non-entailment
"In case the president admired the manager , the doctor resigned ."	The president admired the manager .	non-entailment
"Unless the president thanked the artist , the manager saw the scientists ."	The president thanked the artist .	non-entailment
"Whether or not the secretary called the managers , the scientists slept ."	The secretary called the managers .	non-entailment
"In case the banker encouraged the actor , the secretaries advised the professor ."	The banker encouraged the actor .	non-entailment
"Unless the actors slept , the senators ran ."	The actors slept .	non-entailment
"In case the scientists slept , the students thanked the artists ."	The scientists slept .	non-entailment
"Unless the tourist slept , the secretary arrived ."	The tourist slept .	non-entailment
"Whether or not the judge recognized the presidents , the authors stopped the secretaries ."	The judge recognized the presidents .	non-entailment
"Unless the student encouraged the manager , the actor thanked the secretaries ."	The student encouraged the manager .	non-entailment
"In case the president recommended the lawyer , the doctor resigned ."	The president recommended the lawyer .	non-entailment
"Unless the tourists called the doctors , the secretaries advised the banker ."	The tourists called the doctors .	non-entailment
"Unless the judge stopped the author , the senators introduced the tourist ."	The judge stopped the author .	non-entailment
"In case the secretaries helped the tourists , the managers called the professor ."	The secretaries helped the tourists .	non-entailment
"Whether or not the athletes performed , the secretaries arrived ."	The athletes performed .	non-entailment
"Unless the authors contacted the presidents , the lawyer helped the banker ."	The authors contacted the presidents .	non-entailment
"If the secretary supported the author , the actor recognized the athlete ."	The secretary supported the author .	non-entailment
"Unless the bankers introduced the artist , the athletes encouraged the doctors ."	The bankers introduced the artist .	non-entailment
"Whether or not the doctor arrived , the actors supported the managers ."	The doctor arrived .	non-entailment
"Whether or not the actors advised the tourists , the senators slept ."	The actors advised the tourists .	non-entailment
"If the artists performed , the actors admired the judge ."	The artists performed .	non-entailment
"Whether or not the artist slept , the judges advised the secretaries ."	The artist slept .	non-entailment
"If the doctors introduced the lawyer , the authors encouraged the athlete ."	The doctors introduced the lawyer .	non-entailment
"If the student avoided the judges , the professors resigned ."	The student avoided the judges .	non-entailment
"If the tourist resigned , the bankers encouraged the lawyers ."	The tourist resigned .	non-entailment
"If the senator shouted , the presidents recognized the actors ."	The senator shouted .	non-entailment
"Whether or not the student avoided the professor , the manager supported the scientist ."	The student avoided the professor .	non-entailment
"Whether or not the doctors introduced the bankers , the secretary encouraged the artist ."	The doctors introduced the bankers .	non-entailment
"If the athlete slept , the tourists thanked the authors ."	The athlete slept .	non-entailment
"Whether or not the presidents supported the secretaries , the author avoided the artist ."	The presidents supported the secretaries .	non-entailment
"If the senator avoided the artist , the tourists encouraged the secretary ."	The senator avoided the artist .	non-entailment
"In case the author encouraged the scientist , the students slept ."	The author encouraged the scientist .	non-entailment
"Whether or not the author contacted the doctor , the manager ran ."	The author contacted the doctor .	non-entailment
"In case the scientist waited , the author arrived ."	The scientist waited .	non-entailment
"In case the artists helped the actors , the professor believed the president ."	The artists helped the actors .	non-entailment
"In case the president supported the student , the author performed ."	The president supported the student .	non-entailment
"In case the professor recognized the actors , the senator slept ."	The professor recognized the actors .	non-entailment
"If the doctors mentioned the judge , the president thanked the student ."	The doctors mentioned the judge .	non-entailment
"Unless the professor slept , the tourist saw the scientist ."	The tourist saw the scientist .	non-entailment
"If the managers advised the artist , the athlete slept ."	The athlete slept .	non-entailment
"Unless the bankers called the professor , the authors contacted the artists ."	The authors contacted the artists .	non-entailment
"Unless the actor supported the authors , the lawyers shouted ."	The lawyers shouted .	non-entailment
"Unless the artist thanked the scientists , the judge danced ."	The judge danced .	non-entailment
"Unless the scientists introduced the presidents , the athletes recommended the senator ."	The athletes recommended the senator .	non-entailment
"Unless the tourists contacted the actor , the manager saw the lawyer ."	The manager saw the lawyer .	non-entailment
"Unless the actors resigned , the secretary supported the doctor ."	The secretary supported the doctor .	non-entailment
"Unless the scientist arrived , the professor stopped the banker ."	The professor stopped the banker .	non-entailment
"Unless the doctors mentioned the artist , the actor arrived ."	The actor arrived .	non-entailment
"Unless the doctors danced , the authors saw the students ."	The authors saw the students .	non-entailment
"Unless the doctor mentioned the artists , the athletes encouraged the scientist ."	The athletes encouraged the scientist .	non-entailment
"Unless the president saw the lawyers , the professor danced ."	The professor danced .	non-entailment
"Unless the lawyers waited , the bankers thanked the athletes ."	The bankers thanked the athletes .	non-entailment
"If the bankers helped the secretaries , the actor slept ."	The actor slept .	non-entailment
"Unless the managers arrived , the secretaries mentioned the judges ."	The secretaries mentioned the judges .	non-entailment
"Unless the professor advised the actor , the manager stopped the scientists ."	The manager stopped the scientists .	non-entailment
"Unless the senators ran , the lawyer shouted ."	The lawyer shouted .	non-entailment
"Unless the authors slept , the president called the bankers ."	The president called the bankers .	non-entailment
"If the managers waited , the lawyers performed ."	The lawyers performed .	non-entailment
"Unless the student waited , the secretaries advised the artists ."	The secretaries advised the artists .	non-entailment
"Unless the secretaries supported the athlete , the president ran ."	The president ran .	non-entailment
"Unless the scientists advised the lawyers , the students encouraged the manager ."	The students encouraged the manager .	non-entailment
"If the senator slept , the banker shouted ."	The banker shouted .	non-entailment
"If the students believed the senators , the judges recommended the actor ."	The judges recommended the actor .	non-entailment
"Unless the bankers performed , the actor stopped the president ."	The actor stopped the president .	non-entailment
"Unless the actor helped the authors , the senator performed ."	The senator performed .	non-entailment
"Unless the presidents recommended the senators , the doctors recognized the actor ."	The doctors recognized the actor .	non-entailment
"If the bankers called the senators , the student believed the scientist ."	The student believed the scientist .	non-entailment
"Unless the students admired the presidents , the tourists danced ."	The tourists danced .	non-entailment
"Unless the students helped the president , the actors recommended the athletes ."	The actors recommended the athletes .	non-entailment
"If the judge called the artist , the athlete arrived ."	The athlete arrived .	non-entailment
"Unless the students ran , the lawyer supported the tourist ."	The lawyer supported the tourist .	non-entailment
"If the professors admired the tourists , the senators performed ."	The senators performed .	non-entailment
"If the tourist helped the scientists , the secretary contacted the authors ."	The secretary contacted the authors .	non-entailment
"Unless the lawyer believed the scientist , the doctor introduced the author ."	The doctor introduced the author .	non-entailment
"If the student avoided the artist , the athlete danced ."	The athlete danced .	non-entailment
"If the athlete thanked the author , the professor avoided the actors ."	The professor avoided the actors .	non-entailment
"If the author thanked the tourists , the judge supported the senators ."	The judge supported the senators .	non-entailment
"Unless the artist advised the manager , the authors recognized the president ."	The authors recognized the president .	non-entailment
"Unless the manager contacted the artists , the doctor danced ."	The doctor danced .	non-entailment
"Unless the athlete performed , the scientist saw the bankers ."	The scientist saw the bankers .	non-entailment
"If the tourist stopped the senators , the doctor waited ."	The doctor waited .	non-entailment
"Unless the actor performed , the athlete mentioned the judge ."	The athlete mentioned the judge .	non-entailment
"If the author saw the actors , the student shouted ."	The student shouted .	non-entailment
"Unless the actors danced , the scientist believed the secretaries ."	The scientist believed the secretaries .	non-entailment
"Unless the athletes introduced the judge , the artists admired the professor ."	The artists admired the professor .	non-entailment
"Unless the secretary encouraged the professor , the lawyers believed the bankers ."	The lawyers believed the bankers .	non-entailment
"Unless the artist resigned , the doctor recommended the senator ."	The doctor recommended the senator .	non-entailment
"If the lawyer contacted the senator , the presidents slept ."	The presidents slept .	non-entailment
"Unless the actor encouraged the scientists , the judge avoided the banker ."	The judge avoided the banker .	non-entailment
"If the banker ran , the president called the actors ."	The president called the actors .	non-entailment
"Unless the doctors waited , the manager saw the actor ."	The manager saw the actor .	non-entailment
"If the judge saw the authors , the senators recommended the manager ."	The senators recommended the manager .	non-entailment
"Unless the actor resigned , the artist introduced the authors ."	The artist introduced the authors .	non-entailment
"If the scientists believed the students , the doctor mentioned the judge ."	The doctor mentioned the judge .	non-entailment
"If the athlete arrived , the students stopped the presidents ."	The students stopped the presidents .	non-entailment
"If the bankers thanked the manager , the professor supported the author ."	The professor supported the author .	non-entailment
"Unless the scientists arrived , the lawyer slept ."	The lawyer slept .	non-entailment
"Unless the professor supported the actor , the lawyers called the bankers ."	The lawyers called the bankers .	non-entailment
"Unless the tourists slept , the senator danced ."	The senator danced .	non-entailment
"If the scientist avoided the athlete , the judges admired the tourists ."	The judges admired the tourists .	non-entailment
"If the students helped the tourist , the doctor saw the senator ."	The doctor saw the senator .	non-entailment
"Unless the lawyer slept , the managers encouraged the president ."	The managers encouraged the president .	non-entailment
"Unless the doctors stopped the bankers , the presidents helped the actors ."	The presidents helped the actors .	non-entailment
"If the student encouraged the banker , the actors saw the doctor ."	The actors saw the doctor .	non-entailment
"Unless the doctor danced , the athlete arrived ."	The athlete arrived .	non-entailment
"Unless the athlete resigned , the secretary supported the presidents ."	The secretary supported the presidents .	non-entailment
"Unless the lawyers thanked the professors , the athletes saw the tourists ."	The athletes saw the tourists .	non-entailment
"Unless the students waited , the athletes shouted ."	The athletes shouted .	non-entailment
"If the senator supported the athletes , the tourists called the lawyers ."	The tourists called the lawyers .	non-entailment
"If the tourist thanked the students , the manager introduced the lawyer ."	The manager introduced the lawyer .	non-entailment
"If the president danced , the lawyers admired the artists ."	The lawyers admired the artists .	non-entailment
"If the doctors performed , the president resigned ."	The president resigned .	non-entailment
"If the lawyer recommended the president , the judge admired the tourists ."	The judge admired the tourists .	non-entailment
"If the manager resigned , the athletes believed the authors ."	The athletes believed the authors .	non-entailment
"If the secretaries performed , the professors recognized the artists ."	The professors recognized the artists .	non-entailment
"If the scientists performed , the author recognized the judges ."	The author recognized the judges .	non-entailment
"If the students believed the athletes , the author shouted ."	The author shouted .	non-entailment
"Unless the judges recognized the tourists , the senator slept ."	The senator slept .	non-entailment
"Unless the doctors encouraged the managers , the senator waited ."	The senator waited .	non-entailment
"Unless the doctor stopped the actor , the athletes mentioned the tourists ."	The athletes mentioned the tourists .	non-entailment
"If the senators stopped the actors , the manager supported the athlete ."	The manager supported the athlete .	non-entailment
"If the authors believed the professor , the lawyers introduced the president ."	The lawyers introduced the president .	non-entailment
"If the tourists shouted , the athletes contacted the actors ."	The athletes contacted the actors .	non-entailment
"If the banker waited , the doctor advised the tourist ."	The doctor advised the tourist .	non-entailment
"If the managers performed , the professors advised the actors ."	The professors advised the actors .	non-entailment
"Unless the secretaries called the lawyer , the doctors avoided the artist ."	The doctors avoided the artist .	non-entailment
"Unless the athletes contacted the president , the judge believed the bankers ."	The judge believed the bankers .	non-entailment
"Unless the professors stopped the banker , the senators performed ."	The senators performed .	non-entailment
"Unless the student saw the athlete , the bankers resigned ."	The bankers resigned .	non-entailment
"Unless the actors introduced the manager , the athletes advised the banker ."	The athletes advised the banker .	non-entailment
"If the judge saw the president , the senator arrived ."	The senator arrived .	non-entailment
"Unless the actors slept , the authors admired the tourists ."	The authors admired the tourists .	non-entailment
"Unless the doctors mentioned the secretaries , the artist resigned ."	The artist resigned .	non-entailment
"Unless the professor arrived , the senator helped the managers ."	The senator helped the managers .	non-entailment
"If the senators recommended the tourists , the athlete admired the secretaries ."	The athlete admired the secretaries .	non-entailment
"If the tourists thanked the managers , the senators slept ."	The senators slept .	non-entailment
"Unless the lawyers encouraged the senators , the artist mentioned the doctor ."	The artist mentioned the doctor .	non-entailment
"If the professor slept , the actor introduced the author ."	The actor introduced the author .	non-entailment
"If the tourists arrived , the doctors supported the manager ."	The doctors supported the manager .	non-entailment
"If the professor avoided the presidents , the scientists slept ."	The scientists slept .	non-entailment
"Unless the students thanked the lawyers , the judge believed the author ."	The judge believed the author .	non-entailment
"If the doctor performed , the student saw the judges ."	The student saw the judges .	non-entailment
"If the secretaries arrived , the senators saw the professors ."	The senators saw the professors .	non-entailment
"Unless the judges slept , the president thanked the professor ."	The president thanked the professor .	non-entailment
"If the tourists believed the senator , the scientists recognized the author ."	The scientists recognized the author .	non-entailment
"Unless the doctors waited , the scientists stopped the senators ."	The scientists stopped the senators .	non-entailment
"If the tourist contacted the doctors , the author recognized the professor ."	The author recognized the professor .	non-entailment
"Unless the actors recommended the artist , the senators slept ."	The senators slept .	non-entailment
"If the judge slept , the student introduced the managers ."	The student introduced the managers .	non-entailment
"Unless the students called the lawyer , the authors shouted ."	The authors shouted .	non-entailment
"Unless the doctors mentioned the president , the artists believed the scientist ."	The artists believed the scientist .	non-entailment
"If the presidents danced , the professor arrived ."	The professor arrived .	non-entailment
"If the tourist resigned , the senators danced ."	The senators danced .	non-entailment
"If the bankers avoided the actors , the senators believed the professors ."	The senators believed the professors .	non-entailment
"Unless the author saw the banker , the president thanked the athletes ."	The president thanked the athletes .	non-entailment
"If the president ran , the athletes called the authors ."	The athletes called the authors .	non-entailment
"Unless the judge recommended the doctor , the banker mentioned the author ."	The banker mentioned the author .	non-entailment
"If the president danced , the lawyer supported the senator ."	The lawyer supported the senator .	non-entailment
"If the doctor ran , the president advised the artist ."	The president advised the artist .	non-entailment
"If the artists shouted , the doctor saw the tourist ."	The doctor saw the tourist .	non-entailment
"If the authors resigned , the tourist performed ."	The tourist performed .	non-entailment
"If the judges helped the president , the students contacted the banker ."	The students contacted the banker .	non-entailment
"Unless the doctors introduced the students , the actor saw the artist ."	The actor saw the artist .	non-entailment
"Unless the judge admired the athletes , the artist believed the senator ."	The artist believed the senator .	non-entailment
"Unless the tourist avoided the artists , the judges recommended the scientist ."	The judges recommended the scientist .	non-entailment
"Unless the student believed the professors , the athletes waited ."	The athletes waited .	non-entailment
"Unless the doctor supported the artists , the author saw the secretaries ."	The author saw the secretaries .	non-entailment
"If the president advised the senator , the lawyers resigned ."	The lawyers resigned .	non-entailment
"Unless the judges performed , the senator shouted ."	The senator shouted .	non-entailment
"Unless the doctors introduced the senators , the tourist shouted ."	The tourist shouted .	non-entailment
"Unless the senators introduced the authors , the artist advised the student ."	The artist advised the student .	non-entailment
"If the manager contacted the artist , the actor danced ."	The actor danced .	non-entailment
"If the student ran , the professor believed the president ."	The professor believed the president .	non-entailment
"Unless the doctor contacted the actor , the senator performed ."	The senator performed .	non-entailment
"If the artists recommended the lawyer , the authors arrived ."	The authors arrived .	non-entailment
"Unless the professors supported the doctors , the actors arrived ."	The actors arrived .	non-entailment
"Unless the judges supported the senators , the manager danced ."	The manager danced .	non-entailment
"Unless the presidents called the managers , the professors recognized the secretary ."	The professors recognized the secretary .	non-entailment
"If the manager called the tourist , the athletes performed ."	The athletes performed .	non-entailment
"If the senators introduced the author , the tourists avoided the professors ."	The tourists avoided the professors .	non-entailment
"Unless the secretary saw the tourist , the manager encouraged the student ."	The manager encouraged the student .	non-entailment
"Unless the lawyer called the senator , the actors shouted ."	The actors shouted .	non-entailment
"Unless the senator encouraged the scientists , the doctors waited ."	The doctors waited .	non-entailment
"If the authors recognized the bankers , the athletes resigned ."	The athletes resigned .	non-entailment
"Unless the artists slept , the secretaries recognized the senator ."	The secretaries recognized the senator .	non-entailment
"If the secretary saw the author , the professors slept ."	The professors slept .	non-entailment
"If the secretary arrived , the president thanked the students ."	The president thanked the students .	non-entailment
"If the scientists waited , the student admired the lawyer ."	The student admired the lawyer .	non-entailment
"Unless the president performed , the judges admired the scientist ."	The judges admired the scientist .	non-entailment
"If the secretary contacted the actor , the athletes danced ."	The athletes danced .	non-entailment
"If the authors performed , the artists waited ."	The artists waited .	non-entailment
"If the artist called the bankers , the judges recommended the students ."	The judges recommended the students .	non-entailment
"Unless the lawyers resigned , the senator mentioned the artists ."	The senator mentioned the artists .	non-entailment
"If the secretary danced , the actors shouted ."	The actors shouted .	non-entailment
"Unless the athletes thanked the authors , the managers waited ."	The managers waited .	non-entailment
"If the lawyer danced , the bankers recognized the tourist ."	The bankers recognized the tourist .	non-entailment
"Unless the presidents recognized the athletes , the senators ran ."	The senators ran .	non-entailment
"Unless the professors believed the manager , the student admired the president ."	The student admired the president .	non-entailment
"Unless the doctors supported the judge , the actors helped the scientists ."	The actors helped the scientists .	non-entailment
"Unless the authors thanked the professors , the senator encouraged the athletes ."	The senator encouraged the athletes .	non-entailment
"Unless the presidents advised the tourists , the senators performed ."	The senators performed .	non-entailment
"Unless the doctors helped the professors , the banker contacted the actors ."	The banker contacted the actors .	non-entailment
"If the lawyers saw the doctor , the banker waited ."	The banker waited .	non-entailment
"Unless the professor thanked the secretaries , the tourists ran ."	The tourists ran .	non-entailment
"If the manager recommended the doctor , the presidents performed ."	The presidents performed .	non-entailment
"Unless the judges saw the managers , the student resigned ."	The student resigned .	non-entailment
"If the professor mentioned the banker , the presidents danced ."	The presidents danced .	non-entailment
"Unless the scientist encouraged the tourists , the doctor waited ."	The doctor waited .	non-entailment
"If the secretaries called the lawyer , the professors danced ."	The professors danced .	non-entailment
"If the athlete performed , the doctors supported the managers ."	The doctors supported the managers .	non-entailment
"Unless the scientists mentioned the managers , the professor supported the bankers ."	The professor supported the bankers .	non-entailment
"Unless the secretaries danced , the author avoided the scientist ."	The author avoided the scientist .	non-entailment
"If the artist slept , the tourists stopped the actors ."	The tourists stopped the actors .	non-entailment
"Unless the judge mentioned the student , the scientist danced ."	The scientist danced .	non-entailment
"Unless the manager slept , the presidents performed ."	The presidents performed .	non-entailment
"Unless the tourists ran , the secretaries mentioned the artists ."	The secretaries mentioned the artists .	non-entailment
"If the athletes performed , the doctor avoided the artist ."	The doctor avoided the artist .	non-entailment
"If the scientists recognized the presidents , the bankers performed ."	The bankers performed .	non-entailment
"Unless the tourist helped the author , the bankers waited ."	The bankers waited .	non-entailment
"If the athlete encouraged the senators , the actor ran ."	The actor ran .	non-entailment
"If the artists helped the bankers , the secretary slept ."	The secretary slept .	non-entailment
"If the president believed the professor , the secretary ran ."	The secretary ran .	non-entailment
"If the actors admired the senator , the lawyer mentioned the scientist ."	The lawyer mentioned the scientist .	non-entailment
"Unless the presidents called the managers , the scientists contacted the lawyers ."	The scientists contacted the lawyers .	non-entailment
"Unless the banker resigned , the athletes avoided the lawyers ."	The athletes avoided the lawyers .	non-entailment
"Unless the scientists arrived , the author admired the secretaries ."	The author admired the secretaries .	non-entailment
"Unless the president helped the author , the doctor avoided the actor ."	The doctor avoided the actor .	non-entailment
"Unless the senators mentioned the presidents , the secretary resigned ."	The secretary resigned .	non-entailment
"If the banker advised the judge , the secretary arrived ."	The secretary arrived .	non-entailment
"If the doctor performed , the artist slept ."	The artist slept .	non-entailment
"Unless the tourist resigned , the senator performed ."	The senator performed .	non-entailment
"If the doctor encouraged the senators , the athlete introduced the tourist ."	The athlete introduced the tourist .	non-entailment
"Unless the artists called the senators , the scientist resigned ."	The scientist resigned .	non-entailment
"Unless the bankers believed the judges , the tourists thanked the authors ."	The tourists thanked the authors .	non-entailment
"If the senators resigned , the secretaries ran ."	The secretaries ran .	non-entailment
"If the artists arrived , the judge saw the doctor ."	The judge saw the doctor .	non-entailment
"Unless the managers danced , the judges called the professors ."	The judges called the professors .	non-entailment
"Unless the judge danced , the student advised the actor ."	The student advised the actor .	non-entailment
"If the managers avoided the actor , the author waited ."	The author waited .	non-entailment
"Unless the scientists saw the senators , the student arrived ."	The student arrived .	non-entailment
"If the scientist slept , the senator helped the professor ."	The senator helped the professor .	non-entailment
"If the presidents shouted , the banker introduced the professors ."	The banker introduced the professors .	non-entailment
"Unless the lawyers arrived , the doctors saw the managers ."	The doctors saw the managers .	non-entailment
"Unless the doctor shouted , the professor mentioned the tourists ."	The professor mentioned the tourists .	non-entailment
"Unless the athletes thanked the bankers , the scientists resigned ."	The scientists resigned .	non-entailment
"If the professor contacted the artists , the doctor called the judges ."	The doctor called the judges .	non-entailment
"Unless the athlete called the professor , the senators helped the banker ."	The senators helped the banker .	non-entailment
"Unless the author saw the presidents , the bankers recognized the professor ."	The bankers recognized the professor .	non-entailment
"If the senators supported the bankers , the doctor performed ."	The doctor performed .	non-entailment
"Unless the senator called the actor , the secretary helped the judges ."	The secretary helped the judges .	non-entailment
"If the managers encouraged the actor , the doctor slept ."	The doctor slept .	non-entailment
"Unless the author recommended the judge , the scientist stopped the students ."	The scientist stopped the students .	non-entailment
"Unless the artists resigned , the lawyer contacted the athlete ."	The lawyer contacted the athlete .	non-entailment
"If the bankers mentioned the professors , the senator supported the actors ."	The senator supported the actors .	non-entailment
"If the judges saw the professor , the scientist encouraged the author ."	The scientist encouraged the author .	non-entailment
"If the tourists called the banker , the scientists recommended the author ."	The scientists recommended the author .	non-entailment
"If the athlete recommended the presidents , the tourist shouted ."	The tourist shouted .	non-entailment
"Unless the president slept , the professors danced ."	The professors danced .	non-entailment
"Unless the manager arrived , the scientists admired the professor ."	The scientists admired the professor .	non-entailment
"If the lawyer stopped the scientists , the artist ran ."	The artist ran .	non-entailment
"If the doctor danced , the authors supported the judge ."	The authors supported the judge .	non-entailment
"Unless the managers saw the authors , the scientists introduced the athletes ."	The scientists introduced the athletes .	non-entailment
"If the athletes stopped the authors , the managers introduced the student ."	The managers introduced the student .	non-entailment
"Unless the senator called the students , the president advised the actors ."	The president advised the actors .	non-entailment
"Unless the lawyers danced , the actors waited ."	The actors waited .	non-entailment
"If the athletes mentioned the judge , the authors helped the scientists ."	The authors helped the scientists .	non-entailment
"If the manager arrived , the judge advised the doctors ."	The judge advised the doctors .	non-entailment
"If the tourist saw the lawyers , the actors advised the doctors ."	The actors advised the doctors .	non-entailment
"Unless the president slept , the author called the judges ."	The author called the judges .	non-entailment
"If the athlete shouted , the banker introduced the authors ."	The banker introduced the authors .	non-entailment
"If the students thanked the secretary , the doctor ran ."	The doctor ran .	non-entailment
"If the tourists recommended the secretaries , the judges helped the scientists ."	The judges helped the scientists .	non-entailment
"If the actor arrived , the secretaries danced ."	The secretaries danced .	non-entailment
"If the doctors believed the author , the bankers ran ."	The bankers ran .	non-entailment
"Unless the professor resigned , the student believed the judge ."	The student believed the judge .	non-entailment
"Unless the scientist waited , the actor danced ."	The actor danced .	non-entailment
"Unless the doctor shouted , the student recommended the artist ."	The student recommended the artist .	non-entailment
"Unless the presidents helped the authors , the tourists waited ."	The tourists waited .	non-entailment
"If the artist introduced the professors , the doctor supported the managers ."	The doctor supported the managers .	non-entailment
"Unless the scientists saw the author , the managers ran ."	The managers ran .	non-entailment
"Unless the students performed , the athletes danced ."	The athletes danced .	non-entailment
"Unless the professors contacted the athletes , the scientists avoided the students ."	The scientists avoided the students .	non-entailment
"Unless the professors arrived , the athletes waited ."	The athletes waited .	non-entailment
"Unless the secretaries arrived , the scientist supported the actors ."	The scientist supported the actors .	non-entailment
"Unless the artists contacted the banker , the authors recommended the secretaries ."	The authors recommended the secretaries .	non-entailment
"Unless the tourists danced , the senators recognized the author ."	The senators recognized the author .	non-entailment
"If the authors slept , the student advised the actors ."	The student advised the actors .	non-entailment
"Unless the senators contacted the doctors , the actor encouraged the manager ."	The actor encouraged the manager .	non-entailment
"If the judge called the bankers , the author admired the athlete ."	The author admired the athlete .	non-entailment
"If the judges resigned , the athletes admired the author ."	The athletes admired the author .	non-entailment
"Unless the presidents introduced the lawyer , the authors ran ."	The authors ran .	non-entailment
"If the artists saw the professor , the tourists admired the senators ."	The tourists admired the senators .	non-entailment
"If the scientist believed the bankers , the manager admired the professor ."	The manager admired the professor .	non-entailment
"Unless the judge avoided the lawyer , the artists recognized the scientist ."	The artists recognized the scientist .	non-entailment
"If the professor helped the tourists , the judge waited ."	The judge waited .	non-entailment
"Unless the author mentioned the manager , the judges performed ."	The judges performed .	non-entailment
"Unless the senator slept , the secretaries avoided the doctors ."	The secretaries avoided the doctors .	non-entailment
"Unless the actor mentioned the tourists , the banker helped the scientist ."	The banker helped the scientist .	non-entailment
"Unless the judge thanked the artist , the managers mentioned the actor ."	The managers mentioned the actor .	non-entailment
"If the athlete called the president , the artists resigned ."	The artists resigned .	non-entailment
"If the banker avoided the scientists , the president ran ."	The president ran .	non-entailment
"Unless the professor supported the scientists , the judge arrived ."	The judge arrived .	non-entailment
"Unless the scientists advised the judges , the managers helped the actors ."	The managers helped the actors .	non-entailment
"If the judge advised the artists , the tourists stopped the secretary ."	The tourists stopped the secretary .	non-entailment
"Unless the scientists waited , the judge contacted the actors ."	The judge contacted the actors .	non-entailment
"Unless the doctors arrived , the judges stopped the student ."	The judges stopped the student .	non-entailment
"Unless the doctors waited , the manager recognized the artists ."	The manager recognized the artists .	non-entailment
"If the students performed , the actor recognized the bankers ."	The actor recognized the bankers .	non-entailment
"If the artist helped the doctors , the banker believed the authors ."	The banker believed the authors .	non-entailment
"If the athlete arrived , the professor ran ."	The professor ran .	non-entailment
"If the judges advised the presidents , the bankers resigned ."	The bankers resigned .	non-entailment
"Unless the tourist encouraged the judge , the president arrived ."	The president arrived .	non-entailment
"Unless the lawyer slept , the judge shouted ."	The judge shouted .	non-entailment
"If the judge avoided the tourist , the president danced ."	The president danced .	non-entailment
"If the actors ran , the secretary thanked the doctors ."	The secretary thanked the doctors .	non-entailment
"If the senator thanked the students , the secretaries stopped the presidents ."	The secretaries stopped the presidents .	non-entailment
"If the author ran , the doctor danced ."	The doctor danced .	non-entailment
"Unless the managers danced , the athletes slept ."	The athletes slept .	non-entailment
"Unless the lawyers avoided the tourist , the secretary admired the presidents ."	The secretary admired the presidents .	non-entailment
"Unless the judge admired the doctors , the tourist introduced the artists ."	The tourist introduced the artists .	non-entailment
"If the secretary shouted , the professors advised the judge ."	The professors advised the judge .	non-entailment
"If the doctor arrived , the manager introduced the banker ."	The manager introduced the banker .	non-entailment
"If the bankers admired the artist , the managers arrived ."	The managers arrived .	non-entailment
"If the artists arrived , the students admired the managers ."	The students admired the managers .	non-entailment
"Unless the judges shouted , the lawyer called the artists ."	The lawyer called the artists .	non-entailment
"If the secretary arrived , the artists encouraged the athletes ."	The artists encouraged the athletes .	non-entailment
"Unless the authors supported the doctor , the student introduced the president ."	The student introduced the president .	non-entailment
"If the athletes ran , the lawyer advised the judge ."	The lawyer advised the judge .	non-entailment
"If the author resigned , the secretary contacted the student ."	The secretary contacted the student .	non-entailment
"If the senator supported the actor , the presidents called the professor ."	The presidents called the professor .	non-entailment
"Unless the actors stopped the professors , the lawyer slept ."	The lawyer slept .	non-entailment
"If the scientist resigned , the tourist ran ."	The tourist ran .	non-entailment
"Unless the bankers ran , the tourists thanked the scientist ."	The tourists thanked the scientist .	non-entailment
"Unless the artist advised the scientists , the manager arrived ."	The manager arrived .	non-entailment
"Unless the lawyer resigned , the professors recognized the artists ."	The professors recognized the artists .	non-entailment
"Unless the lawyers resigned , the artists mentioned the author ."	The artists mentioned the author .	non-entailment
"Unless the president saw the professor , the student waited ."	The student waited .	non-entailment
"Unless the managers slept , the actors called the doctors ."	The actors called the doctors .	non-entailment
"Unless the scientist avoided the lawyers , the bankers mentioned the actors ."	The bankers mentioned the actors .	non-entailment
"If the lawyers ran , the president resigned ."	The president resigned .	non-entailment
"Unless the scientist contacted the professor , the artist ran ."	The artist ran .	non-entailment
"Unless the authors slept , the judges saw the secretary ."	The judges saw the secretary .	non-entailment
"Unless the athletes supported the students , the artist contacted the judges ."	The artist contacted the judges .	non-entailment
"If the scientists danced , the author waited ."	The author waited .	non-entailment
"If the scientist mentioned the tourist , the artists performed ."	The artists performed .	non-entailment
"Unless the doctors shouted , the judge advised the senator ."	The judge advised the senator .	non-entailment
"If the doctor called the judge , the professors waited ."	The professors waited .	non-entailment
"If the secretaries danced , the lawyers performed ."	The lawyers performed .	non-entailment
"If the doctors performed , the artists admired the student ."	The artists admired the student .	non-entailment
"Unless the actor waited , the athletes mentioned the doctors ."	The athletes mentioned the doctors .	non-entailment
"If the professor thanked the lawyer , the scientists believed the manager ."	The scientists believed the manager .	non-entailment
"Unless the student introduced the tourist , the athletes admired the doctors ."	The athletes admired the doctors .	non-entailment
"If the manager recognized the professor , the president shouted ."	The president shouted .	non-entailment
"If the lawyers contacted the banker , the artist ran ."	The artist ran .	non-entailment
"If the presidents recognized the lawyers , the students advised the tourist ."	The students advised the tourist .	non-entailment
"Unless the presidents shouted , the professor performed ."	The professor performed .	non-entailment
"If the professor believed the artist , the athletes ran ."	The athletes ran .	non-entailment
"If the president contacted the bankers , the judges saw the authors ."	The judges saw the authors .	non-entailment
"If the artists introduced the manager , the students admired the tourists ."	The students admired the tourists .	non-entailment
"If the lawyer introduced the artist , the secretary shouted ."	The secretary shouted .	non-entailment
"Unless the authors recommended the managers , the president admired the artist ."	The president admired the artist .	non-entailment
"If the actors ran , the professor introduced the lawyer ."	The professor introduced the lawyer .	non-entailment
"Unless the bankers recognized the judge , the tourist avoided the students ."	The tourist avoided the students .	non-entailment
"Unless the banker thanked the artists , the tourist performed ."	The tourist performed .	non-entailment
"Unless the doctor performed , the banker contacted the scientist ."	The banker contacted the scientist .	non-entailment
"Unless the senators thanked the scientist , the student recommended the authors ."	The student recommended the authors .	non-entailment
"If the actor danced , the scientist admired the secretaries ."	The scientist admired the secretaries .	non-entailment
"Unless the judges contacted the lawyers , the senators waited ."	The senators waited .	non-entailment
"Unless the athletes admired the doctors , the judge avoided the artists ."	The judge avoided the artists .	non-entailment
"Unless the secretaries helped the doctor , the lawyer contacted the manager ."	The lawyer contacted the manager .	non-entailment
"Unless the banker contacted the artists , the authors thanked the scientist ."	The authors thanked the scientist .	non-entailment
"Unless the lawyers recognized the student , the tourists arrived ."	The tourists arrived .	non-entailment
"If the secretaries waited , the doctor thanked the athlete ."	The doctor thanked the athlete .	non-entailment
"If the artists resigned , the athlete introduced the professors ."	The athlete introduced the professors .	non-entailment
"If the president encouraged the student , the tourist contacted the senators ."	The tourist contacted the senators .	non-entailment
"Unless the tourist saw the banker , the students helped the presidents ."	The students helped the presidents .	non-entailment
"If the bankers recognized the senators , the actors shouted ."	The actors shouted .	non-entailment
"Unless the scientists shouted , the presidents supported the athletes ."	The presidents supported the athletes .	non-entailment
"Unless the actor slept , the tourist introduced the president ."	The tourist introduced the president .	non-entailment
"If the athlete believed the judges , the senator helped the tourist ."	The senator helped the tourist .	non-entailment
"Unless the scientists called the author , the bankers supported the judges ."	The bankers supported the judges .	non-entailment
"Unless the doctor arrived , the presidents believed the manager ."	The presidents believed the manager .	non-entailment
"If the bankers admired the professor , the manager shouted ."	The manager shouted .	non-entailment
"If the scientist performed , the senators helped the author ."	The senators helped the author .	non-entailment
"Unless the senator introduced the athletes , the students thanked the artists ."	The students thanked the artists .	non-entailment
"If the professors contacted the judges , the tourist helped the students ."	The tourist helped the students .	non-entailment
"If the professors recommended the judges , the authors shouted ."	The authors shouted .	non-entailment
"If the artists stopped the judge , the president performed ."	The president performed .	non-entailment
"If the artist introduced the actors , the banker performed ."	The banker performed .	non-entailment
"Unless the student performed , the manager recommended the professor ."	The manager recommended the professor .	non-entailment
"If the senator ran , the judges recognized the authors ."	The judges recognized the authors .	non-entailment
"If the professors believed the actor , the bankers admired the secretary ."	The bankers admired the secretary .	non-entailment
"Unless the athlete called the actors , the presidents waited ."	The presidents waited .	non-entailment
"If the scientists waited , the artist recognized the manager ."	The artist recognized the manager .	non-entailment
"If the banker ran , the athletes slept ."	The athletes slept .	non-entailment
"If the bankers called the scientists , the artists mentioned the tourist ."	The artists mentioned the tourist .	non-entailment
"If the judge believed the doctor , the professors thanked the lawyers ."	The professors thanked the lawyers .	non-entailment
"Unless the actors thanked the presidents , the scientist avoided the artists ."	The scientist avoided the artists .	non-entailment
"Unless the student shouted , the artists called the scientist ."	The artists called the scientist .	non-entailment
"If the professor waited , the presidents performed ."	The presidents performed .	non-entailment
"If the judge waited , the scientist supported the banker ."	The scientist supported the banker .	non-entailment
"If the actor danced , the professor encouraged the senator ."	The professor encouraged the senator .	non-entailment
"If the athletes stopped the bankers , the author performed ."	The author performed .	non-entailment
"If the secretaries recognized the tourist , the manager danced ."	The manager danced .	non-entailment
"Unless the students thanked the doctors , the judges admired the senator ."	The judges admired the senator .	non-entailment
"Unless the secretary admired the presidents , the manager helped the senator ."	The manager helped the senator .	non-entailment
"If the actor introduced the author , the athlete recognized the secretaries ."	The athlete recognized the secretaries .	non-entailment
"Unless the managers ran , the judge contacted the athletes ."	The judge contacted the athletes .	non-entailment
"If the secretary recognized the president , the artists danced ."	The artists danced .	non-entailment
"Unless the artist thanked the tourists , the doctor contacted the judges ."	The doctor contacted the judges .	non-entailment
"Unless the scientists mentioned the authors , the tourists advised the athletes ."	The tourists advised the athletes .	non-entailment
"Unless the senator resigned , the students shouted ."	The students shouted .	non-entailment
"If the lawyer performed , the judge shouted ."	The judge shouted .	non-entailment
"If the senator supported the athletes , the actors recognized the president ."	The actors recognized the president .	non-entailment
"If the scientist resigned , the professor shouted ."	The professor shouted .	non-entailment
"If the doctor recommended the judge , the athletes danced ."	The athletes danced .	non-entailment
"If the secretary waited , the scientists introduced the tourists ."	The scientists introduced the tourists .	non-entailment
"Unless the secretaries slept , the lawyers helped the doctor ."	The lawyers helped the doctor .	non-entailment
"If the senator contacted the bankers , the authors thanked the lawyers ."	The authors thanked the lawyers .	non-entailment
"Unless the judges believed the secretaries , the senator supported the artist ."	The senator supported the artist .	non-entailment
"Unless the actor believed the manager , the authors introduced the tourist ."	The authors introduced the tourist .	non-entailment
"Unless the secretaries helped the senators , the doctor saw the tourist ."	The doctor saw the tourist .	non-entailment
"If the secretary stopped the president , the actors shouted ."	The actors shouted .	non-entailment
"Unless the senators slept , the professors contacted the actors ."	The professors contacted the actors .	non-entailment
"Unless the senator waited , the professor supported the athletes ."	The professor supported the athletes .	non-entailment
"If the presidents thanked the judge , the managers resigned ."	The managers resigned .	non-entailment
"If the lawyers recommended the athlete , the authors contacted the professor ."	The authors contacted the professor .	non-entailment
"If the doctor called the judges , the actor waited ."	The actor waited .	non-entailment
"Unless the professors waited , the secretary saw the artists ."	The secretary saw the artists .	non-entailment
"If the author called the secretary , the professor thanked the judge ."	The professor thanked the judge .	non-entailment
"If the artist stopped the secretary , the lawyers contacted the presidents ."	The lawyers contacted the presidents .	non-entailment
"If the manager stopped the judge , the tourists resigned ."	The tourists resigned .	non-entailment
"Unless the president waited , the lawyer advised the managers ."	The lawyer advised the managers .	non-entailment
"If the presidents avoided the students , the tourist performed ."	The tourist performed .	non-entailment
"Unless the tourist ran , the actor saw the student ."	The actor saw the student .	non-entailment
"Unless the athletes recommended the doctor , the president supported the professors ."	The president supported the professors .	non-entailment
"If the authors encouraged the senator , the manager believed the secretary ."	The manager believed the secretary .	non-entailment
"Unless the athlete introduced the doctor , the senators recognized the banker ."	The senators recognized the banker .	non-entailment
"Unless the students danced , the lawyers recommended the managers ."	The lawyers recommended the managers .	non-entailment
"If the judges arrived , the professors avoided the senators ."	The professors avoided the senators .	non-entailment
"Unless the scientists slept , the tourists supported the actor ."	The tourists supported the actor .	non-entailment
"Unless the artist helped the athletes , the senator shouted ."	The senator shouted .	non-entailment
"If the managers resigned , the artist performed ."	The artist performed .	non-entailment
"If the senators recognized the actor , the doctors waited ."	The doctors waited .	non-entailment
"Unless the actors encouraged the student , the bankers advised the presidents ."	The bankers advised the presidents .	non-entailment
"If the lawyer avoided the president , the athlete ran ."	The athlete ran .	non-entailment
"Unless the author contacted the bankers , the tourist advised the athletes ."	The tourist advised the athletes .	non-entailment
"Unless the senators thanked the bankers , the lawyer stopped the athletes ."	The lawyer stopped the athletes .	non-entailment
"Unless the athlete stopped the authors , the actors danced ."	The actors danced .	non-entailment
"Unless the professors encouraged the author , the presidents resigned ."	The presidents resigned .	non-entailment
"If the students helped the professors , the artists called the actor ."	The artists called the actor .	non-entailment
"If the judges danced , the lawyer believed the manager ."	The lawyer believed the manager .	non-entailment
"If the authors supported the professor , the judge stopped the students ."	The judge stopped the students .	non-entailment
"Unless the senator arrived , the president admired the tourists ."	The president admired the tourists .	non-entailment
"If the banker thanked the senators , the secretary ran ."	The secretary ran .	non-entailment
"If the managers waited , the doctor saw the senator ."	The doctor saw the senator .	non-entailment
"Unless the secretary thanked the bankers , the scientist recommended the tourist ."	The scientist recommended the tourist .	non-entailment
"Unless the actors slept , the authors believed the senator ."	The authors believed the senator .	non-entailment
"Unless the lawyers slept , the actors mentioned the artist ."	The actors mentioned the artist .	non-entailment
"If the author ran , the doctor thanked the tourists ."	The doctor thanked the tourists .	non-entailment
"Unless the judges resigned , the athlete avoided the scientist ."	The athlete avoided the scientist .	non-entailment
"If the students saw the professor , the actor performed ."	The actor performed .	non-entailment
"If the scientists danced , the president saw the tourist ."	The president saw the tourist .	non-entailment
"If the actors contacted the doctor , the senator danced ."	The senator danced .	non-entailment
"Unless the president helped the athlete , the judges ran ."	The judges ran .	non-entailment
"Unless the banker believed the artists , the president advised the doctors ."	The president advised the doctors .	non-entailment
"If the athlete waited , the professor contacted the author ."	The professor contacted the author .	non-entailment
"Unless the judges performed , the bankers supported the lawyers ."	The bankers supported the lawyers .	non-entailment
"Unless the students ran , the tourists resigned ."	The tourists resigned .	non-entailment
"If the senators called the judge , the presidents encouraged the students ."	The presidents encouraged the students .	non-entailment
"If the banker ran , the scientist performed ."	The scientist performed .	non-entailment
"If the banker danced , the scientists recognized the actors ."	The scientists recognized the actors .	non-entailment
"Unless the professor performed , the authors shouted ."	The authors shouted .	non-entailment
"Unless the athlete stopped the secretaries , the lawyers recognized the presidents ."	The lawyers recognized the presidents .	non-entailment
"If the lawyer mentioned the managers , the athlete introduced the judge ."	The athlete introduced the judge .	non-entailment
"Unless the athlete encouraged the artists , the presidents stopped the lawyers ."	The presidents stopped the lawyers .	non-entailment
"If the senators contacted the scientists , the lawyers slept ."	The lawyers slept .	non-entailment
"If the artist slept , the president waited ."	The president waited .	non-entailment
"Unless the actor mentioned the judge , the author arrived ."	The author arrived .	non-entailment
"If the secretary recommended the artists , the president saw the student ."	The president saw the student .	non-entailment
"If the athlete arrived , the banker saw the judges ."	The banker saw the judges .	non-entailment
"If the artists thanked the senator , the managers arrived ."	The managers arrived .	non-entailment
"If the students arrived , the bankers called the athletes ."	The bankers called the athletes .	non-entailment
"If the professor recommended the bankers , the actors stopped the presidents ."	The actors stopped the presidents .	non-entailment
"Unless the president stopped the athlete , the scientists contacted the artist ."	The scientists contacted the artist .	non-entailment
"Unless the student stopped the managers , the presidents encouraged the doctor ."	The presidents encouraged the doctor .	non-entailment
"Unless the lawyer admired the athlete , the actor resigned ."	The actor resigned .	non-entailment
"If the senator encouraged the students , the doctor danced ."	The doctor danced .	non-entailment
"Unless the professors recognized the president , the lawyer danced ."	The lawyer danced .	non-entailment
"If the tourists arrived , the doctors slept ."	The doctors slept .	non-entailment
"Unless the doctor shouted , the scientists contacted the athletes ."	The scientists contacted the athletes .	non-entailment
"If the tourist recommended the student , the lawyers slept ."	The lawyers slept .	non-entailment
"If the professor avoided the actor , the artists called the lawyers ."	The artists called the lawyers .	non-entailment
"If the judge stopped the tourists , the senators supported the artists ."	The senators supported the artists .	non-entailment
"If the athlete saw the manager , the scientist arrived ."	The scientist arrived .	non-entailment
"Unless the tourist slept , the president recognized the lawyers ."	The president recognized the lawyers .	non-entailment
"If the scientists contacted the tourist , the judges waited ."	The judges waited .	non-entailment
"If the actors performed , the professor waited ."	The professor waited .	non-entailment
"If the secretaries called the artists , the scientist admired the president ."	The scientist admired the president .	non-entailment
"If the lawyer slept , the senators arrived ."	The senators arrived .	non-entailment
"Unless the artist danced , the managers helped the president ."	The managers helped the president .	non-entailment
"If the actor stopped the student , the artists contacted the tourists ."	The artists contacted the tourists .	non-entailment
"Unless the senators recognized the doctors , the artists admired the students ."	The artists admired the students .	non-entailment
"Unless the judge danced , the lawyer introduced the athletes ."	The lawyer introduced the athletes .	non-entailment
"Unless the secretaries avoided the bankers , the athlete arrived ."	The athlete arrived .	non-entailment
"Unless the secretaries waited , the actors contacted the managers ."	The actors contacted the managers .	non-entailment
"Unless the tourists saw the manager , the president avoided the senator ."	The president avoided the senator .	non-entailment
"Unless the authors supported the tourist , the judge admired the actors ."	The judge admired the actors .	non-entailment
"Unless the student recommended the secretaries , the artists avoided the managers ."	The artists avoided the managers .	non-entailment
"Unless the actors saw the doctors , the author contacted the secretaries ."	The author contacted the secretaries .	non-entailment
"If the doctors danced , the bankers waited ."	The bankers waited .	non-entailment
"If the manager shouted , the doctor encouraged the banker ."	The doctor encouraged the banker .	non-entailment
"Unless the student believed the artist , the senators waited ."	The senators waited .	non-entailment
"If the senators introduced the banker , the judge stopped the actor ."	The judge stopped the actor .	non-entailment
"If the banker recognized the actor , the secretary contacted the senator ."	The secretary contacted the senator .	non-entailment
"If the senator contacted the president , the banker called the tourist ."	The banker called the tourist .	non-entailment
"Unless the athlete contacted the artists , the secretaries resigned ."	The secretaries resigned .	non-entailment
"If the professors performed , the authors believed the doctors ."	The authors believed the doctors .	non-entailment
"Unless the authors mentioned the actors , the judge believed the lawyer ."	The judge believed the lawyer .	non-entailment
"Unless the bankers danced , the managers introduced the actor ."	The managers introduced the actor .	non-entailment
"If the tourist recommended the actors , the senators saw the authors ."	The senators saw the authors .	non-entailment
"If the senator admired the artists , the lawyers slept ."	The lawyers slept .	non-entailment
"Unless the athlete recognized the authors , the doctor called the professor ."	The doctor called the professor .	non-entailment
"If the lawyer called the manager , the senators introduced the professor ."	The senators introduced the professor .	non-entailment
"If the actors contacted the authors , the athletes recommended the students ."	The athletes recommended the students .	non-entailment
"Unless the doctor shouted , the students contacted the author ."	The students contacted the author .	non-entailment
"If the student called the judges , the professor recognized the manager ."	The professor recognized the manager .	non-entailment
"If the secretaries encouraged the presidents , the manager helped the athletes ."	The manager helped the athletes .	non-entailment
"Unless the judge introduced the student , the actor contacted the senator ."	The actor contacted the senator .	non-entailment
"Unless the senator performed , the judges admired the manager ."	The judges admired the manager .	non-entailment
"If the secretaries helped the senators , the artists recognized the manager ."	The artists recognized the manager .	non-entailment
"Unless the student contacted the author , the lawyer slept ."	The lawyer slept .	non-entailment
"If the authors shouted , the artist performed ."	The artist performed .	non-entailment
"If the scientists danced , the artists resigned ."	The artists resigned .	non-entailment
"Unless the students mentioned the banker , the artist arrived ."	The artist arrived .	non-entailment
"If the scientist saw the lawyer , the bankers avoided the managers ."	The bankers avoided the managers .	non-entailment
"If the scientists danced , the student supported the athletes ."	The student supported the athletes .	non-entailment
"Unless the judges helped the senators , the banker performed ."	The banker performed .	non-entailment
"If the secretaries saw the banker , the senator danced ."	The senator danced .	non-entailment
"Unless the tourist mentioned the artist , the scientist helped the actors ."	The scientist helped the actors .	non-entailment
"Unless the scientists thanked the athlete , the secretary called the senator ."	The secretary called the senator .	non-entailment
"Unless the professors mentioned the tourists , the lawyer advised the managers ."	The lawyer advised the managers .	non-entailment
"Unless the manager contacted the author , the scientist encouraged the secretaries ."	The scientist encouraged the secretaries .	non-entailment
"If the actor recognized the senators , the authors arrived ."	The authors arrived .	non-entailment
"Unless the athletes helped the students , the senators thanked the lawyers ."	The senators thanked the lawyers .	non-entailment
"Unless the athlete shouted , the students danced ."	The students danced .	non-entailment
"Unless the athletes saw the actors , the professors thanked the senators ."	The professors thanked the senators .	non-entailment
"Unless the presidents thanked the professor , the athletes stopped the doctors ."	The athletes stopped the doctors .	non-entailment
"If the athletes advised the judges , the student performed ."	The student performed .	non-entailment
"Unless the managers saw the presidents , the senator slept ."	The senator slept .	non-entailment
"If the lawyers introduced the athletes , the students saw the managers ."	The students saw the managers .	non-entailment
"Unless the president danced , the doctor introduced the artists ."	The doctor introduced the artists .	non-entailment
"Unless the doctor advised the secretaries , the actor saw the tourists ."	The actor saw the tourists .	non-entailment
"If the tourists danced , the presidents resigned ."	The presidents resigned .	non-entailment
"Unless the secretaries supported the students , the senators avoided the scientist ."	The senators avoided the scientist .	non-entailment
"If the artists helped the actors , the secretaries waited ."	The secretaries waited .	non-entailment
"Unless the students supported the senators , the president stopped the secretary ."	The president stopped the secretary .	non-entailment
"Unless the manager thanked the actor , the scientist helped the senator ."	The scientist helped the senator .	non-entailment
"Unless the doctor helped the author , the senators ran ."	The senators ran .	non-entailment
"If the student called the professors , the tourist ran ."	The tourist ran .	non-entailment
"If the lawyer mentioned the actors , the president encouraged the judges ."	The president encouraged the judges .	non-entailment
"If the managers mentioned the student , the artist called the authors ."	The artist called the authors .	non-entailment
"Unless the tourists ran , the students arrived ."	The students arrived .	non-entailment
"Unless the professors shouted , the banker helped the actor ."	The banker helped the actor .	non-entailment
"Unless the tourist thanked the bankers , the student admired the senator ."	The student admired the senator .	non-entailment
"Unless the author performed , the president advised the professors ."	The president advised the professors .	non-entailment
"Unless the actor thanked the authors , the judge helped the professor ."	The judge helped the professor .	non-entailment
"Unless the lawyers contacted the judges , the scientist arrived ."	The scientist arrived .	non-entailment
"Unless the students supported the athletes , the lawyer resigned ."	The lawyer resigned .	non-entailment
"If the professors ran , the athlete resigned ."	The athlete resigned .	non-entailment
"If the senators recommended the actors , the presidents shouted ."	The presidents shouted .	non-entailment
"Unless the doctors performed , the actors waited ."	The actors waited .	non-entailment
"Unless the athlete saw the authors , the presidents called the secretary ."	The presidents called the secretary .	non-entailment
"If the scientists helped the artist , the actor called the author ."	The actor called the author .	non-entailment
"Unless the doctor saw the artist , the judges performed ."	The judges performed .	non-entailment
"If the judges recognized the athlete , the professor supported the scientist ."	The professor supported the scientist .	non-entailment
"If the doctors encouraged the artist , the president helped the professors ."	The president helped the professors .	non-entailment
"Unless the secretaries stopped the student , the lawyers called the actor ."	The lawyers called the actor .	non-entailment
"If the lawyers stopped the actor , the athlete helped the manager ."	The athlete helped the manager .	non-entailment
"If the manager supported the actors , the judges saw the scientists ."	The judges saw the scientists .	non-entailment
"Unless the senators introduced the professors , the actors encouraged the artist ."	The actors encouraged the artist .	non-entailment
"Unless the president danced , the artist recommended the manager ."	The artist recommended the manager .	non-entailment
"If the lawyer danced , the manager called the actors ."	The manager called the actors .	non-entailment
"Unless the senators supported the lawyers , the artist shouted ."	The artist shouted .	non-entailment
"If the actor shouted , the judges avoided the senator ."	The judges avoided the senator .	non-entailment
"Unless the actor ran , the doctors avoided the lawyers ."	The doctors avoided the lawyers .	non-entailment
"If the doctors waited , the presidents avoided the artists ."	The presidents avoided the artists .	non-entailment
"If the presidents danced , the managers saw the banker ."	The managers saw the banker .	non-entailment
"If the athletes supported the bankers , the author advised the doctor ."	The author advised the doctor .	non-entailment
"If the lawyers called the senator , the doctor danced ."	The doctor danced .	non-entailment
"If the senator helped the president , the lawyers slept ."	The lawyers slept .	non-entailment
"Unless the president advised the actors , the tourist recommended the lawyer ."	The tourist recommended the lawyer .	non-entailment
"Unless the actor ran , the senators shouted ."	The senators shouted .	non-entailment
"If the manager recommended the actors , the authors mentioned the athletes ."	The authors mentioned the athletes .	non-entailment
"If the lawyer mentioned the artist , the actors admired the tourist ."	The actors admired the tourist .	non-entailment
"Unless the actor encouraged the senators , the author performed ."	The author performed .	non-entailment
"Unless the professor ran , the secretaries slept ."	The secretaries slept .	non-entailment
"Unless the senators ran , the doctors contacted the athlete ."	The doctors contacted the athlete .	non-entailment
"If the secretaries contacted the author , the managers encouraged the student ."	The managers encouraged the student .	non-entailment
"Unless the professor contacted the manager , the doctor encouraged the artist ."	The doctor encouraged the artist .	non-entailment
"Unless the tourists admired the professor , the secretaries introduced the actors ."	The secretaries introduced the actors .	non-entailment
"If the doctors called the actors , the president recommended the professor ."	The president recommended the professor .	non-entailment
"If the lawyers arrived , the professor resigned ."	The professor resigned .	non-entailment
"If the managers recommended the bankers , the actor avoided the presidents ."	The actor avoided the presidents .	non-entailment
"Unless the actors waited , the lawyers called the secretaries ."	The lawyers called the secretaries .	non-entailment
"Unless the athlete danced , the artist resigned ."	The artist resigned .	non-entailment
"Unless the lawyers waited , the senator contacted the professor ."	The senator contacted the professor .	non-entailment
"If the managers danced , the athletes called the professor ."	The athletes called the professor .	non-entailment
"If the students believed the professor , the authors supported the manager ."	The authors supported the manager .	non-entailment
"If the artists helped the lawyers , the presidents waited ."	The presidents waited .	non-entailment
"Unless the bankers called the students , the secretaries performed ."	The secretaries performed .	non-entailment
"Unless the artists stopped the lawyer , the scientists believed the senators ."	The scientists believed the senators .	non-entailment
"Unless the scientist resigned , the presidents avoided the judge ."	The presidents avoided the judge .	non-entailment
"Unless the secretary recommended the tourist , the presidents encouraged the artists ."	The presidents encouraged the artists .	non-entailment
"Unless the authors encouraged the president , the judge called the student ."	The judge called the student .	non-entailment
"Unless the president mentioned the author , the students avoided the bankers ."	The students avoided the bankers .	non-entailment
"Unless the actor recognized the lawyer , the bankers shouted ."	The bankers shouted .	non-entailment
"If the artists saw the athlete , the senator contacted the manager ."	The senator contacted the manager .	non-entailment
"If the manager thanked the tourists , the presidents ran ."	The presidents ran .	non-entailment
"If the judges encouraged the artist , the presidents admired the lawyers ."	The presidents admired the lawyers .	non-entailment
"If the lawyers called the scientist , the secretary mentioned the judges ."	The secretary mentioned the judges .	non-entailment
"Unless the doctor encouraged the judges , the tourist saw the senators ."	The tourist saw the senators .	non-entailment
"Unless the athlete performed , the students encouraged the actor ."	The students encouraged the actor .	non-entailment
"Unless the senator waited , the actors slept ."	The actors slept .	non-entailment
"Unless the doctor recommended the authors , the artists slept ."	The artists slept .	non-entailment
"If the scientist ran , the president performed ."	The president performed .	non-entailment
"Unless the scientists recommended the athletes , the actor slept ."	The actor slept .	non-entailment
"Unless the student admired the authors , the lawyers resigned ."	The lawyers resigned .	non-entailment
"If the doctor believed the senators , the judge encouraged the secretary ."	The judge encouraged the secretary .	non-entailment
"Unless the doctor called the students , the judges performed ."	The judges performed .	non-entailment
"Unless the bankers ran , the president thanked the authors ."	The president thanked the authors .	non-entailment
"Unless the senator avoided the scientists , the professors waited ."	The professors waited .	non-entailment
"If the scientists slept , the tourist resigned ."	The tourist resigned .	non-entailment
"Unless the student resigned , the judges admired the scientists ."	The judges admired the scientists .	non-entailment
"If the managers resigned , the artists shouted ."	The artists shouted .	non-entailment
"If the senator introduced the lawyers , the judges thanked the banker ."	The judges thanked the banker .	non-entailment
"Unless the artist saw the president , the professor admired the tourist ."	The professor admired the tourist .	non-entailment
"Unless the scientists advised the student , the president waited ."	The president waited .	non-entailment
"If the artists helped the senator , the doctors slept ."	The doctors slept .	non-entailment
"If the manager performed , the judge shouted ."	The judge shouted .	non-entailment
"Unless the senator supported the tourists , the students shouted ."	The students shouted .	non-entailment
"If the judges introduced the secretaries , the scientists recognized the artists ."	The scientists recognized the artists .	non-entailment
"If the student called the scientists , the actors helped the secretary ."	The actors helped the secretary .	non-entailment
"Unless the student contacted the authors , the doctors arrived ."	The doctors arrived .	non-entailment
"If the tourist recommended the authors , the actors slept ."	The actors slept .	non-entailment
"If the professor mentioned the president , the judge arrived ."	The judge arrived .	non-entailment
"If the doctor arrived , the secretary thanked the senator ."	The secretary thanked the senator .	non-entailment
"If the actors ran , the tourist thanked the manager ."	The tourist thanked the manager .	non-entailment
"Unless the actors recognized the tourists , the doctors introduced the professor ."	The doctors introduced the professor .	non-entailment
"Unless the senators advised the professor , the artist saw the students ."	The artist saw the students .	non-entailment
"If the lawyer arrived , the artists helped the author ."	The artists helped the author .	non-entailment
"If the students encouraged the doctors , the tourist admired the authors ."	The tourist admired the authors .	non-entailment
"If the secretaries advised the tourist , the professors mentioned the senator ."	The professors mentioned the senator .	non-entailment
"If the scientists supported the secretary , the bankers advised the athletes ."	The bankers advised the athletes .	non-entailment
"If the secretary helped the tourists , the student contacted the lawyers ."	The student contacted the lawyers .	non-entailment
"Unless the author recognized the judge , the senator recommended the athlete ."	The senator recommended the athlete .	non-entailment
"If the artist ran , the lawyer believed the banker ."	The lawyer believed the banker .	non-entailment
"If the artists arrived , the banker shouted ."	The banker shouted .	non-entailment
"If the athletes resigned , the presidents arrived ."	The presidents arrived .	non-entailment
"Unless the authors danced , the senator encouraged the scientist ."	The senator encouraged the scientist .	non-entailment
"Unless the senators waited , the scientist advised the tourists ."	The scientist advised the tourists .	non-entailment
"Unless the athletes arrived , the lawyers supported the tourists ."	The lawyers supported the tourists .	non-entailment
"If the presidents called the lawyer , the actor waited ."	The actor waited .	non-entailment
"Unless the scientists introduced the judge , the professor saw the secretary ."	The professor saw the secretary .	non-entailment
"If the athletes saw the banker , the authors called the doctors ."	The authors called the doctors .	non-entailment
"Unless the athlete helped the authors , the student resigned ."	The student resigned .	non-entailment
"Unless the bankers called the professors , the senators encouraged the lawyer ."	The senators encouraged the lawyer .	non-entailment
"If the banker believed the students , the doctors shouted ."	The doctors shouted .	non-entailment
"If the professor slept , the president waited ."	The president waited .	non-entailment
"If the doctor contacted the secretary , the students slept ."	The students slept .	non-entailment
"Unless the manager danced , the secretary mentioned the lawyers ."	The secretary mentioned the lawyers .	non-entailment
"If the lawyer slept , the doctors danced ."	The doctors danced .	non-entailment
"If the senator mentioned the artist , the tourist thanked the professor ."	The tourist thanked the professor .	non-entailment
"If the authors arrived , the lawyer performed ."	The lawyer performed .	non-entailment
"If the lawyer called the doctor , the judge advised the scientist ."	The judge advised the scientist .	non-entailment
"Unless the actors ran , the authors believed the secretary ."	The authors believed the secretary .	non-entailment
"Unless the lawyer called the students , the judges arrived ."	The judges arrived .	non-entailment
"Unless the artist slept , the actors saw the professors ."	The actors saw the professors .	non-entailment
"If the tourist shouted , the lawyers contacted the doctors ."	The lawyers contacted the doctors .	non-entailment
"If the secretaries introduced the managers , the doctors danced ."	The doctors danced .	non-entailment
"If the scientists ran , the judge believed the senators ."	The judge believed the senators .	non-entailment
"Unless the bankers introduced the secretary , the tourist called the artist ."	The tourist called the artist .	non-entailment
"Unless the student helped the artist , the professors supported the athlete ."	The professors supported the athlete .	non-entailment
"Unless the student called the artists , the professors saw the author ."	The professors saw the author .	non-entailment
"If the artists slept , the actor ran ."	The actor ran .	non-entailment
"If the scientist avoided the professors , the student resigned ."	The student resigned .	non-entailment
"Unless the presidents believed the professors , the judges danced ."	The judges danced .	non-entailment
"If the scientists mentioned the lawyers , the president performed ."	The president performed .	non-entailment
"Unless the professor recognized the managers , the student helped the tourist ."	The student helped the tourist .	non-entailment
"If the doctors recognized the bankers , the athlete resigned ."	The athlete resigned .	non-entailment
"Unless the senator arrived , the judges slept ."	The judges slept .	non-entailment
"Unless the judge shouted , the scientists arrived ."	The scientists arrived .	non-entailment
"Unless the doctors arrived , the managers slept ."	The managers slept .	non-entailment
"Unless the judge shouted , the authors resigned ."	The authors resigned .	non-entailment
"Unless the students introduced the secretary , the doctors ran ."	The doctors ran .	non-entailment
"Unless the tourist believed the students , the authors supported the actors ."	The authors supported the actors .	non-entailment
"Unless the tourist recommended the scientists , the actors avoided the artists ."	The actors avoided the artists .	non-entailment
"Unless the doctors resigned , the lawyer performed ."	The lawyer performed .	non-entailment
"Unless the students waited , the bankers encouraged the managers ."	The bankers encouraged the managers .	non-entailment
"Unless the tourist introduced the judge , the authors encouraged the presidents ."	The authors encouraged the presidents .	non-entailment
"If the judges recommended the lawyer , the senator advised the professors ."	The senator advised the professors .	non-entailment
"Unless the president waited , the lawyers recognized the judge ."	The lawyers recognized the judge .	non-entailment
"Unless the artists stopped the lawyers , the professors danced ."	The professors danced .	non-entailment
"If the professor saw the artists , the banker avoided the athlete ."	The banker avoided the athlete .	non-entailment
"If the banker thanked the president , the scientist stopped the manager ."	The scientist stopped the manager .	non-entailment
"If the secretary saw the actors , the student admired the banker ."	The student admired the banker .	non-entailment
"Unless the presidents stopped the doctors , the author shouted ."	The author shouted .	non-entailment
"If the student waited , the tourists performed ."	The tourists performed .	non-entailment
"Unless the banker ran , the author arrived ."	The author arrived .	non-entailment
"If the managers supported the presidents , the secretary stopped the doctors ."	The secretary stopped the doctors .	non-entailment
"Unless the senators called the tourist , the professors waited ."	The professors waited .	non-entailment
"Unless the senators helped the actor , the secretary arrived ."	The secretary arrived .	non-entailment
"Unless the actor called the student , the scientists mentioned the bankers ."	The scientists mentioned the bankers .	non-entailment
"If the students avoided the banker , the secretaries called the senators ."	The secretaries called the senators .	non-entailment
"If the doctor arrived , the bankers shouted ."	The bankers shouted .	non-entailment
"Unless the managers ran , the scientists waited ."	The scientists waited .	non-entailment
"Unless the scientist recommended the tourist , the authors arrived ."	The authors arrived .	non-entailment
"Unless the judges resigned , the bankers admired the athletes ."	The bankers admired the athletes .	non-entailment
"If the students thanked the actor , the judges ran ."	The judges ran .	non-entailment
"Unless the athlete believed the scientists , the senators arrived ."	The senators arrived .	non-entailment
"Unless the senators helped the bankers , the scientist recognized the actor ."	The scientist recognized the actor .	non-entailment
"Unless the actors supported the scientists , the lawyers shouted ."	The lawyers shouted .	non-entailment
"Unless the presidents danced , the doctor encouraged the bankers ."	The doctor encouraged the bankers .	non-entailment
"Unless the secretaries thanked the professor , the president called the bankers ."	The president called the bankers .	non-entailment
"Unless the actor arrived , the authors recommended the secretaries ."	The authors recommended the secretaries .	non-entailment
"Unless the judge slept , the scientist ran ."	The scientist ran .	non-entailment
"If the students slept , the managers stopped the athlete ."	The managers stopped the athlete .	non-entailment
"If the senators supported the actor , the bankers resigned ."	The bankers resigned .	non-entailment
"Unless the scientist danced , the actors encouraged the senators ."	The actors encouraged the senators .	non-entailment
"If the artist introduced the scientist , the senators arrived ."	The senators arrived .	non-entailment
"If the authors helped the actor , the student recommended the senator ."	The student recommended the senator .	non-entailment
"Unless the managers saw the scientist , the banker thanked the professor ."	The banker thanked the professor .	non-entailment
"If the lawyers shouted , the professor helped the scientists ."	The professor helped the scientists .	non-entailment
"Unless the banker encouraged the secretaries , the students supported the professor ."	The students supported the professor .	non-entailment
"Unless the secretaries avoided the professor , the bankers admired the managers ."	The bankers admired the managers .	non-entailment
"If the senators arrived , the student performed ."	The student performed .	non-entailment
"If the senator resigned , the authors arrived ."	The authors arrived .	non-entailment
"Unless the senator advised the scientist , the professors shouted ."	The professors shouted .	non-entailment
"If the secretary recommended the doctor , the scientists saw the senators ."	The scientists saw the senators .	non-entailment
"Unless the authors ran , the scientist saw the manager ."	The scientist saw the manager .	non-entailment
"If the professors introduced the artist , the doctors waited ."	The doctors waited .	non-entailment
"Unless the professor waited , the managers helped the banker ."	The managers helped the banker .	non-entailment
"Unless the tourists recommended the actor , the lawyer performed ."	The lawyer performed .	non-entailment
"Unless the student recognized the athlete , the president called the senators ."	The president called the senators .	non-entailment
"Unless the judge saw the bankers , the manager believed the president ."	The manager believed the president .	non-entailment
"Unless the athletes waited , the bankers mentioned the senators ."	The bankers mentioned the senators .	non-entailment
"If the manager ran , the students admired the lawyers ."	The students admired the lawyers .	non-entailment
"If the scientists stopped the manager , the artists admired the doctors ."	The artists admired the doctors .	non-entailment
"Unless the scientist slept , the presidents recognized the managers ."	The presidents recognized the managers .	non-entailment
"Unless the secretary ran , the judges waited ."	The judges waited .	non-entailment
"If the authors mentioned the athletes , the artist arrived ."	The artist arrived .	non-entailment
"If the doctor danced , the managers encouraged the secretary ."	The managers encouraged the secretary .	non-entailment
"If the scientists thanked the lawyers , the bankers resigned ."	The bankers resigned .	non-entailment
"If the author saw the artist , the secretary recognized the president ."	The secretary recognized the president .	non-entailment
"If the president believed the lawyers , the scientists saw the athletes ."	The scientists saw the athletes .	non-entailment
"If the author waited , the judge admired the senators ."	The judge admired the senators .	non-entailment
"If the doctors believed the manager , the author mentioned the scientist ."	The author mentioned the scientist .	non-entailment
"If the actors advised the secretary , the manager waited ."	The manager waited .	non-entailment
"Unless the professor resigned , the actors recognized the student ."	The actors recognized the student .	non-entailment
"If the doctors shouted , the author mentioned the president ."	The author mentioned the president .	non-entailment
"Unless the managers advised the senators , the doctor danced ."	The doctor danced .	non-entailment
"If the senators resigned , the athlete mentioned the judge ."	The athlete mentioned the judge .	non-entailment
"Unless the students mentioned the senators , the doctors performed ."	The doctors performed .	non-entailment
"Unless the scientists helped the artist , the manager recommended the doctor ."	The manager recommended the doctor .	non-entailment
"Unless the author resigned , the student encouraged the tourist ."	The student encouraged the tourist .	non-entailment
"If the senators advised the scientist , the professors encouraged the tourists ."	The professors encouraged the tourists .	non-entailment
"If the actors waited , the artist stopped the athlete ."	The artist stopped the athlete .	non-entailment
"Unless the professors mentioned the secretary , the lawyers thanked the tourist ."	The lawyers thanked the tourist .	non-entailment
"If the actors resigned , the bankers avoided the artist ."	The bankers avoided the artist .	non-entailment
"If the secretary recommended the artist , the bankers slept ."	The bankers slept .	non-entailment
"If the senators contacted the secretary , the actor mentioned the student ."	The actor mentioned the student .	non-entailment
"Unless the secretaries arrived , the doctors saw the authors ."	The doctors saw the authors .	non-entailment
"Unless the manager encouraged the tourists , the athletes slept ."	The athletes slept .	non-entailment
"If the artists arrived , the judge thanked the student ."	The judge thanked the student .	non-entailment
"Unless the scientists resigned , the senators admired the athletes ."	The senators admired the athletes .	non-entailment
"If the secretary helped the senator , the tourists recommended the artist ."	The tourists recommended the artist .	non-entailment
"If the judges recommended the lawyer , the president encouraged the doctors ."	The president encouraged the doctors .	non-entailment
"If the presidents advised the judges , the tourists introduced the author ."	The tourists introduced the author .	non-entailment
"If the senator called the athlete , the banker admired the presidents ."	The banker admired the presidents .	non-entailment
"If the athletes danced , the artists believed the tourist ."	The artists believed the tourist .	non-entailment
"Unless the professors thanked the actor , the secretary resigned ."	The secretary resigned .	non-entailment
"Unless the athletes thanked the senator , the professors arrived ."	The professors arrived .	non-entailment
"Unless the banker arrived , the judge helped the authors ."	The judge helped the authors .	non-entailment
"If the professors admired the senators , the secretaries ran ."	The secretaries ran .	non-entailment
"If the judges advised the athlete , the secretary resigned ."	The secretary resigned .	non-entailment
"If the doctor contacted the banker , the manager resigned ."	The manager resigned .	non-entailment
"If the tourist introduced the presidents , the senators danced ."	The senators danced .	non-entailment
"If the bankers danced , the scientists thanked the athletes ."	The scientists thanked the athletes .	non-entailment
"Unless the presidents mentioned the managers , the professors ran ."	The professors ran .	non-entailment
"If the judges encouraged the lawyer , the tourists shouted ."	The tourists shouted .	non-entailment
"If the doctor recognized the professors , the secretaries shouted ."	The secretaries shouted .	non-entailment
"If the professors stopped the actor , the secretary arrived ."	The secretary arrived .	non-entailment
"Unless the tourist saw the professor , the bankers arrived ."	The bankers arrived .	non-entailment
"Unless the managers performed , the authors mentioned the tourist ."	The authors mentioned the tourist .	non-entailment
"If the lawyers introduced the managers , the scientists shouted ."	The scientists shouted .	non-entailment
"If the tourists recommended the actor , the professors slept ."	The professors slept .	non-entailment
"If the judge shouted , the professors arrived ."	The professors arrived .	non-entailment
"If the managers ran , the professors performed ."	The professors performed .	non-entailment
"Unless the professor avoided the artists , the doctors helped the lawyers ."	The doctors helped the lawyers .	non-entailment
"Unless the banker waited , the professor arrived ."	The professor arrived .	non-entailment
"Unless the athletes supported the senator , the professor ran ."	The professor ran .	non-entailment
"If the students believed the lawyer , the authors shouted ."	The authors shouted .	non-entailment
"If the scientist performed , the president saw the bankers ."	The president saw the bankers .	non-entailment
"Unless the presidents mentioned the author , the manager resigned ."	The manager resigned .	non-entailment
"Unless the doctor arrived , the senator admired the professors ."	The senator admired the professors .	non-entailment
"Unless the lawyer called the banker , the managers slept ."	The managers slept .	non-entailment
"If the judges ran , the tourists thanked the athletes ."	The tourists thanked the athletes .	non-entailment
"If the senator encouraged the professors , the lawyers ran ."	The lawyers ran .	non-entailment
"If the senators mentioned the secretary , the presidents believed the artist ."	The presidents believed the artist .	non-entailment
"Unless the actor encouraged the secretaries , the managers saw the author ."	The managers saw the author .	non-entailment
"If the scientist arrived , the actors advised the athlete ."	The actors advised the athlete .	non-entailment
"Unless the scientists contacted the senator , the artists danced ."	The artists danced .	non-entailment
"Unless the doctor shouted , the presidents danced ."	The presidents danced .	non-entailment
"If the artist believed the tourists , the secretary shouted ."	The secretary shouted .	non-entailment
"If the student resigned , the managers waited ."	The managers waited .	non-entailment
"If the author shouted , the president called the doctors ."	The president called the doctors .	non-entailment
"Unless the actor stopped the artist , the athlete recommended the author ."	The athlete recommended the author .	non-entailment
"If the senators introduced the tourist , the author slept ."	The author slept .	non-entailment
"Unless the secretary believed the judge , the presidents arrived ."	The presidents arrived .	non-entailment
"If the doctors mentioned the actors , the banker shouted ."	The banker shouted .	non-entailment
"If the actor recommended the athletes , the tourists performed ."	The tourists performed .	non-entailment
"If the president ran , the judges resigned ."	The judges resigned .	non-entailment
"If the scientist helped the tourist , the student shouted ."	The student shouted .	non-entailment
"Unless the judge recommended the athlete , the doctors called the tourist ."	The doctors called the tourist .	non-entailment
"If the lawyer thanked the actor , the athletes recognized the senator ."	The athletes recognized the senator .	non-entailment
"If the scientist saw the students , the managers recommended the judges ."	The managers recommended the judges .	non-entailment
"Unless the secretary resigned , the tourists recommended the athletes ."	The tourists recommended the athletes .	non-entailment
"If the managers resigned , the senators performed ."	The senators performed .	non-entailment
"If the tourist ran , the judge arrived ."	The judge arrived .	non-entailment
"Unless the managers encouraged the secretary , the scientists helped the artist ."	The scientists helped the artist .	non-entailment
"Unless the banker danced , the students encouraged the actors ."	The students encouraged the actors .	non-entailment
"If the presidents advised the athlete , the bankers contacted the judge ."	The bankers contacted the judge .	non-entailment
"If the tourists encouraged the scientists , the bankers thanked the author ."	The bankers thanked the author .	non-entailment
"Unless the secretary advised the student , the tourist contacted the judges ."	The tourist contacted the judges .	non-entailment
"Unless the manager waited , the lawyers recommended the tourists ."	The lawyers recommended the tourists .	non-entailment
"If the banker resigned , the professor helped the senator ."	The professor helped the senator .	non-entailment
"If the student stopped the authors , the managers supported the secretary ."	The managers supported the secretary .	non-entailment
"If the professors performed , the secretary contacted the scientists ."	The secretary contacted the scientists .	non-entailment
"Unless the managers recommended the athletes , the doctor waited ."	The doctor waited .	non-entailment
"If the lawyer encouraged the judges , the doctor stopped the tourist ."	The doctor stopped the tourist .	non-entailment
"Unless the bankers advised the artists , the tourist arrived ."	The tourist arrived .	non-entailment
"Unless the actor helped the presidents , the artists believed the judges ."	The artists believed the judges .	non-entailment
"Unless the student mentioned the authors , the actor avoided the professor ."	The actor avoided the professor .	non-entailment
"Unless the senators encouraged the tourist , the secretary performed ."	The secretary performed .	non-entailment
"Unless the tourist helped the doctors , the president supported the scientists ."	The president supported the scientists .	non-entailment
"Unless the professor saw the artist , the actor introduced the doctor ."	The actor introduced the doctor .	non-entailment
"Unless the managers danced , the senators believed the secretaries ."	The senators believed the secretaries .	non-entailment
"Unless the lawyer admired the presidents , the senator contacted the athletes ."	The senator contacted the athletes .	non-entailment
"Unless the athlete helped the senator , the judges encouraged the authors ."	The judges encouraged the authors .	non-entailment
"If the judges arrived , the students introduced the athletes ."	The students introduced the athletes .	non-entailment
"If the actors thanked the tourist , the author danced ."	The author danced .	non-entailment
"Unless the artists avoided the managers , the presidents resigned ."	The presidents resigned .	non-entailment
"If the actors shouted , the tourist ran ."	The tourist ran .	non-entailment
"Unless the artists shouted , the secretary recommended the actors ."	The secretary recommended the actors .	non-entailment
"If the artist ran , the scientist thanked the actors ."	The scientist thanked the actors .	non-entailment
"Unless the professor stopped the scientists , the senators danced ."	The senators danced .	non-entailment
"Unless the tourist resigned , the actor encouraged the athletes ."	The actor encouraged the athletes .	non-entailment
"Unless the judges advised the students , the artist danced ."	The artist danced .	non-entailment
"Unless the actor stopped the professor , the authors encouraged the senators ."	The authors encouraged the senators .	non-entailment
"Unless the secretary advised the scientists , the judges ran ."	The judges ran .	non-entailment
"If the students thanked the tourists , the actor encouraged the manager ."	The actor encouraged the manager .	non-entailment
"If the students arrived , the manager encouraged the doctor ."	The manager encouraged the doctor .	non-entailment
"Unless the banker encouraged the tourist , the author thanked the secretary ."	The author thanked the secretary .	non-entailment
"Unless the student admired the senator , the bankers slept ."	The bankers slept .	non-entailment
"Unless the banker recommended the lawyers , the actors advised the artists ."	The actors advised the artists .	non-entailment
"If the scientist slept , the tourist danced ."	The tourist danced .	non-entailment
"Unless the professor slept , the tourist danced ."	The tourist danced .	non-entailment
"Unless the actor advised the scientists , the judges slept ."	The judges slept .	non-entailment
"If the banker stopped the senators , the professors saw the secretaries ."	The professors saw the secretaries .	non-entailment
"If the judge encouraged the scientist , the doctors admired the presidents ."	The doctors admired the presidents .	non-entailment
"If the artists recommended the president , the senators helped the secretaries ."	The senators helped the secretaries .	non-entailment
"Unless the secretary called the student , the tourist performed ."	The tourist performed .	non-entailment
"If the judge slept , the doctors admired the professors ."	The doctors admired the professors .	non-entailment
"Unless the students believed the judge , the managers resigned ."	The managers resigned .	non-entailment
"Unless the secretaries mentioned the author , the president shouted ."	The president shouted .	non-entailment
"Unless the tourist ran , the scientist advised the lawyer ."	The scientist advised the lawyer .	non-entailment
"If the senators mentioned the secretary , the judges helped the bankers ."	The judges helped the bankers .	non-entailment
"Unless the artists thanked the scientists , the professors arrived ."	The professors arrived .	non-entailment
"Unless the president saw the student , the scientist resigned ."	The scientist resigned .	non-entailment
"If the lawyers contacted the actor , the authors waited ."	The authors waited .	non-entailment
"Unless the tourist encouraged the authors , the artist ran ."	The artist ran .	non-entailment
"If the bankers danced , the lawyers advised the artist ."	The lawyers advised the artist .	non-entailment
"If the athletes ran , the scientists supported the secretary ."	The scientists supported the secretary .	non-entailment
"If the scientist helped the tourists , the manager performed ."	The manager performed .	non-entailment
"If the tourist stopped the actor , the bankers advised the presidents ."	The bankers advised the presidents .	non-entailment
"Unless the tourists supported the lawyers , the scientist introduced the athletes ."	The scientist introduced the athletes .	non-entailment
"Unless the scientist saw the tourists , the students admired the athlete ."	The students admired the athlete .	non-entailment
"If the lawyers helped the student , the secretary performed ."	The secretary performed .	non-entailment
"If the athlete called the actors , the manager contacted the presidents ."	The manager contacted the presidents .	non-entailment
"Unless the lawyer ran , the tourist slept ."	The tourist slept .	non-entailment
"If the secretaries stopped the manager , the doctors avoided the scientists ."	The doctors avoided the scientists .	non-entailment
"If the manager encouraged the author , the athlete thanked the president ."	The athlete thanked the president .	non-entailment
"If the bankers supported the scientist , the doctor shouted ."	The doctor shouted .	non-entailment
"If the manager danced , the senator supported the author ."	The senator supported the author .	non-entailment
"Unless the student believed the secretaries , the presidents recognized the senators ."	The presidents recognized the senators .	non-entailment
"Unless the athlete thanked the artist , the manager introduced the professors ."	The manager introduced the professors .	non-entailment
"Unless the artist admired the professors , the doctor supported the scientists ."	The doctor supported the scientists .	non-entailment
"Unless the scientists recommended the tourists , the doctors resigned ."	The doctors resigned .	non-entailment
"If the judge arrived , the secretaries slept ."	The secretaries slept .	non-entailment
"If the authors encouraged the senator , the actors supported the professors ."	The actors supported the professors .	non-entailment
"Unless the secretary resigned , the banker mentioned the professor ."	The banker mentioned the professor .	non-entailment
"Unless the professors performed , the president shouted ."	The president shouted .	non-entailment
"Unless the tourist waited , the secretary shouted ."	The secretary shouted .	non-entailment
"Unless the president recognized the student , the banker slept ."	The banker slept .	non-entailment
"Unless the tourist stopped the author , the professor helped the student ."	The professor helped the student .	non-entailment
"If the actors avoided the author , the scientist mentioned the lawyers ."	The scientist mentioned the lawyers .	non-entailment
"If the actor encouraged the tourists , the lawyers stopped the authors ."	The lawyers stopped the authors .	non-entailment
"Unless the presidents supported the professor , the authors slept ."	The authors slept .	non-entailment
"If the secretaries slept , the bankers supported the doctors ."	The bankers supported the doctors .	non-entailment
"If the professors helped the tourist , the author contacted the senator ."	The author contacted the senator .	non-entailment
"Unless the scientist waited , the professor ran ."	The professor ran .	non-entailment
"Unless the doctor recognized the artists , the tourist admired the president ."	The tourist admired the president .	non-entailment
"If the senator shouted , the judge called the presidents ."	The judge called the presidents .	non-entailment
"If the president arrived , the tourists ran ."	The tourists ran .	non-entailment
"If the manager stopped the athletes , the doctors admired the banker ."	The doctors admired the banker .	non-entailment
"Unless the doctor encouraged the scientists , the managers danced ."	The managers danced .	non-entailment
"Unless the doctor performed , the banker ran ."	The banker ran .	non-entailment
"Unless the artist believed the students , the bankers recognized the secretary ."	The bankers recognized the secretary .	non-entailment
"Unless the banker advised the students , the secretaries danced ."	The secretaries danced .	non-entailment
"Unless the doctor danced , the scientist performed ."	The scientist performed .	non-entailment
"If the scientists danced , the bankers saw the lawyer ."	The bankers saw the lawyer .	non-entailment
"If the artist arrived , the professors avoided the president ."	The professors avoided the president .	non-entailment
"Unless the tourists ran , the lawyers resigned ."	The lawyers resigned .	non-entailment
"If the actor supported the artists , the president recommended the lawyer ."	The president recommended the lawyer .	non-entailment
"Unless the presidents stopped the students , the athletes ran ."	The athletes ran .	non-entailment
"Unless the secretaries avoided the artists , the tourists performed ."	The tourists performed .	non-entailment
"Unless the doctors avoided the lawyer , the scientist slept ."	The scientist slept .	non-entailment
"If the tourists advised the managers , the scientist avoided the senator ."	The scientist avoided the senator .	non-entailment
"If the judge thanked the athletes , the artist recognized the secretary ."	The artist recognized the secretary .	non-entailment
"Unless the scientists resigned , the professor performed ."	The professor performed .	non-entailment
"Unless the manager thanked the senators , the secretaries danced ."	The secretaries danced .	non-entailment
"If the athlete recognized the senators , the manager encouraged the artist ."	The manager encouraged the artist .	non-entailment
"Unless the doctors avoided the actors , the senators encouraged the athlete ."	The senators encouraged the athlete .	non-entailment
"If the senators introduced the students , the athlete resigned ."	The athlete resigned .	non-entailment
"Unless the students waited , the banker encouraged the managers ."	The banker encouraged the managers .	non-entailment
"If the presidents recommended the judges , the authors thanked the banker ."	The authors thanked the banker .	non-entailment
"If the students shouted , the presidents contacted the lawyers ."	The presidents contacted the lawyers .	non-entailment
"If the actors encouraged the artists , the senator believed the lawyer ."	The senator believed the lawyer .	non-entailment
"Unless the presidents recommended the tourists , the actors believed the artist ."	The actors believed the artist .	non-entailment
"If the athlete believed the presidents , the actor called the artist ."	The actor called the artist .	non-entailment
"If the tourists contacted the secretaries , the doctor advised the president ."	The doctor advised the president .	non-entailment
"Unless the students admired the scientist , the banker slept ."	The banker slept .	non-entailment
"Unless the scientists helped the tourist , the doctors waited ."	The doctors waited .	non-entailment
"If the lawyer supported the senators , the secretary called the doctors ."	The secretary called the doctors .	non-entailment
"Unless the judge admired the actors , the bankers advised the secretaries ."	The bankers advised the secretaries .	non-entailment
"Unless the banker performed , the lawyer helped the scientists ."	The lawyer helped the scientists .	non-entailment
"If the secretaries contacted the author , the scientist slept ."	The scientist slept .	non-entailment
"Unless the author arrived , the student contacted the tourist ."	The student contacted the tourist .	non-entailment
"If the actors shouted , the senator admired the students ."	The senator admired the students .	non-entailment
"If the managers believed the lawyers , the students arrived ."	The students arrived .	non-entailment
"If the judges mentioned the manager , the bankers shouted ."	The bankers shouted .	non-entailment
"If the senators ran , the banker shouted ."	The banker shouted .	non-entailment
"Unless the banker shouted , the athletes contacted the manager ."	The athletes contacted the manager .	non-entailment
"Unless the bankers mentioned the professors , the judge waited ."	The judge waited .	non-entailment
"If the judges mentioned the tourists , the senators ran ."	The senators ran .	non-entailment
"Unless the artists advised the senators , the athlete shouted ."	The athlete shouted .	non-entailment
"Unless the presidents called the student , the lawyers performed ."	The lawyers performed .	non-entailment
"If the presidents helped the athletes , the students danced ."	The students danced .	non-entailment
"If the athletes arrived , the banker ran ."	The banker ran .	non-entailment
"If the student resigned , the scientists encouraged the bankers ."	The scientists encouraged the bankers .	non-entailment
"Unless the students recognized the actor , the doctors recommended the bankers ."	The doctors recommended the bankers .	non-entailment
"Unless the professors waited , the doctors introduced the author ."	The doctors introduced the author .	non-entailment
"If the professors believed the lawyer , the athlete danced ."	The athlete danced .	non-entailment
"If the bankers waited , the tourist contacted the secretary ."	The tourist contacted the secretary .	non-entailment
"Unless the banker recommended the lawyers , the judges believed the students ."	The judges believed the students .	non-entailment
"If the actor performed , the artist mentioned the judge ."	The artist mentioned the judge .	non-entailment
"Unless the judges slept , the author admired the senator ."	The author admired the senator .	non-entailment
"If the authors encouraged the bankers , the doctors recognized the managers ."	The doctors recognized the managers .	non-entailment
"If the president performed , the senator stopped the doctors ."	The senator stopped the doctors .	non-entailment
"If the students saw the scientist , the judge believed the professors ."	The judge believed the professors .	non-entailment
"If the tourists called the professor , the scientists performed ."	The scientists performed .	non-entailment
"If the senator danced , the tourist waited ."	The tourist waited .	non-entailment
"If the professor contacted the athletes , the banker performed ."	The banker performed .	non-entailment
"Unless the managers saw the judge , the scientist introduced the author ."	The scientist introduced the author .	non-entailment
"Unless the judge encouraged the lawyers , the tourists recommended the actors ."	The tourists recommended the actors .	non-entailment
"Unless the secretary supported the lawyers , the doctors danced ."	The doctors danced .	non-entailment
"If the students believed the managers , the secretary ran ."	The secretary ran .	non-entailment
"If the doctor waited , the actors stopped the judge ."	The actors stopped the judge .	non-entailment
"If the judges advised the author , the athletes shouted ."	The athletes shouted .	non-entailment
"Unless the tourists avoided the senator , the secretary introduced the doctor ."	The secretary introduced the doctor .	non-entailment
"If the author arrived , the judges ran ."	The judges ran .	non-entailment
"If the scientists performed , the students ran ."	The students ran .	non-entailment
"Unless the lawyer resigned , the tourists waited ."	The tourists waited .	non-entailment
"Unless the bankers introduced the secretaries , the senator resigned ."	The senator resigned .	non-entailment
"Unless the presidents arrived , the athlete introduced the judge ."	The athlete introduced the judge .	non-entailment
"Unless the tourist saw the scientist , the students arrived ."	The students arrived .	non-entailment
"If the scientist arrived , the author waited ."	The author waited .	non-entailment
"Unless the professors recognized the lawyers , the scientists arrived ."	The scientists arrived .	non-entailment
"If the presidents called the senators , the secretary resigned ."	The secretary resigned .	non-entailment
"If the secretaries recognized the student , the presidents admired the professors ."	The presidents admired the professors .	non-entailment
"Unless the president contacted the actor , the banker ran ."	The banker ran .	non-entailment
"Unless the banker saw the president , the authors waited ."	The authors waited .	non-entailment
"Unless the judge recognized the managers , the presidents danced ."	The presidents danced .	non-entailment
"Unless the scientist waited , the judge believed the banker ."	The judge believed the banker .	non-entailment
"Unless the judges encouraged the managers , the professor arrived ."	The professor arrived .	non-entailment
"If the tourist shouted , the author helped the artist ."	The author helped the artist .	non-entailment
"If the bankers waited , the scientist performed ."	The scientist performed .	non-entailment
"If the artists shouted , the lawyers stopped the athletes ."	The lawyers stopped the athletes .	non-entailment
"Unless the judge ran , the lawyers stopped the artist ."	The lawyers stopped the artist .	non-entailment
"If the doctor stopped the tourist , the athletes avoided the senators ."	The athletes avoided the senators .	non-entailment
"Unless the banker performed , the tourist danced ."	The tourist danced .	non-entailment
"Unless the banker advised the author , the doctors saw the actor ."	The doctors saw the actor .	non-entailment
"Unless the judges admired the manager , the bankers called the scientist ."	The bankers called the scientist .	non-entailment
"Unless the president admired the banker , the artist ran ."	The artist ran .	non-entailment
"Unless the tourist ran , the manager danced ."	The manager danced .	non-entailment
"Unless the lawyer supported the student , the judges admired the scientists ."	The judges admired the scientists .	non-entailment
"If the artist admired the authors , the doctors stopped the scientist ."	The doctors stopped the scientist .	non-entailment
"If the authors supported the athlete , the senators avoided the tourists ."	The senators avoided the tourists .	non-entailment
"If the students believed the judges , the actor arrived ."	The actor arrived .	non-entailment
"If the student admired the scientist , the tourist recognized the athlete ."	The tourist recognized the athlete .	non-entailment
"Unless the judges recognized the artist , the doctors helped the professor ."	The doctors helped the professor .	non-entailment
"Unless the presidents introduced the lawyers , the artist avoided the doctor ."	The artist avoided the doctor .	non-entailment
"If the tourist contacted the scientist , the bankers avoided the athlete ."	The bankers avoided the athlete .	non-entailment
"Unless the senators ran , the tourists supported the manager ."	The tourists supported the manager .	non-entailment
"If the student performed , the tourist advised the professors ."	The tourist advised the professors .	non-entailment
"Unless the professors introduced the artists , the doctors danced ."	The doctors danced .	non-entailment
"If the managers saw the scientist , the author performed ."	The author performed .	non-entailment
"Unless the professor called the presidents , the tourist admired the lawyers ."	The tourist admired the lawyers .	non-entailment
"Unless the professor thanked the judges , the senator encouraged the actors ."	The senator encouraged the actors .	non-entailment
"Unless the senator waited , the manager slept ."	The manager slept .	non-entailment
"If the actors arrived , the tourists waited ."	The tourists waited .	non-entailment
"Unless the professors admired the manager , the tourists arrived ."	The tourists arrived .	non-entailment
"If the lawyers stopped the scientist , the athlete avoided the author ."	The athlete avoided the author .	non-entailment
"If the secretary ran , the senator waited ."	The senator waited .	non-entailment
"If the secretaries waited , the author admired the judge ."	The author admired the judge .	non-entailment
"Unless the presidents contacted the doctors , the manager shouted ."	The manager shouted .	non-entailment
"If the secretary resigned , the judge avoided the artist ."	The judge avoided the artist .	non-entailment
"If the actor recognized the secretaries , the professors shouted ."	The professors shouted .	non-entailment
"Unless the lawyer thanked the secretaries , the judge arrived ."	The judge arrived .	non-entailment
"If the lawyers encouraged the artist , the students contacted the banker ."	The students contacted the banker .	non-entailment
"If the president supported the banker , the secretary danced ."	The secretary danced .	non-entailment
"If the managers supported the actors , the secretaries danced ."	The secretaries danced .	non-entailment
"Unless the actor stopped the managers , the judges shouted ."	The judges shouted .	non-entailment
"If the doctor advised the professor , the judges believed the scientists ."	The judges believed the scientists .	non-entailment
"Unless the lawyer mentioned the presidents , the bankers avoided the secretary ."	The bankers avoided the secretary .	non-entailment
"If the student advised the judges , the doctors avoided the lawyers ."	The doctors avoided the lawyers .	non-entailment
"Unless the lawyer danced , the doctor avoided the students ."	The doctor avoided the students .	non-entailment
"Unless the athlete waited , the students recognized the author ."	The students recognized the author .	non-entailment
The lawyers believed that the tourists shouted .	The tourists shouted .	non-entailment
The lawyers believed that the tourists slept .	The tourists slept .	non-entailment
The managers assumed that the secretaries believed the actor .	The secretaries believed the actor .	non-entailment
The artists hoped that the bankers arrived .	The bankers arrived .	non-entailment
The lawyers said that the scientists supported the authors .	The scientists supported the authors .	non-entailment
The actor hoped that the secretaries called the artists .	The secretaries called the artists .	non-entailment
The lawyers said that the tourist saw the artist .	The tourist saw the artist .	non-entailment
The tourists said that the lawyer saw the secretary .	The lawyer saw the secretary .	non-entailment
The professors thought that the lawyers introduced the athlete .	The lawyers introduced the athlete .	non-entailment
The banker said that the lawyer avoided the secretary .	The lawyer avoided the secretary .	non-entailment
The senators thought that the scientist recognized the presidents .	The scientist recognized the presidents .	non-entailment
The doctor assumed that the student performed .	The student performed .	non-entailment
The managers believed that the artists shouted .	The artists shouted .	non-entailment
The president thought that the athletes slept .	The athletes slept .	non-entailment
The athletes thought that the lawyer recommended the tourist .	The lawyer recommended the tourist .	non-entailment
The presidents thought that the manager arrived .	The manager arrived .	non-entailment
The professor thought that the judges arrived .	The judges arrived .	non-entailment
The banker believed that the actor saw the secretary .	The actor saw the secretary .	non-entailment
The scientists hoped that the actor supported the lawyer .	The actor supported the lawyer .	non-entailment
The lawyer claimed that the author introduced the athletes .	The author introduced the athletes .	non-entailment
The professor thought that the student arrived .	The student arrived .	non-entailment
The judge claimed that the managers recognized the artists .	The managers recognized the artists .	non-entailment
The scientists assumed that the actors stopped the tourist .	The actors stopped the tourist .	non-entailment
The secretaries thought that the senators introduced the presidents .	The senators introduced the presidents .	non-entailment
The doctors thought that the managers performed .	The managers performed .	non-entailment
The secretaries assumed that the authors contacted the presidents .	The authors contacted the presidents .	non-entailment
The athlete assumed that the student thanked the manager .	The student thanked the manager .	non-entailment
The tourists said that the artists helped the professor .	The artists helped the professor .	non-entailment
The tourists hoped that the judge mentioned the actors .	The judge mentioned the actors .	non-entailment
The tourists claimed that the actor performed .	The actor performed .	non-entailment
The professor thought that the actors mentioned the senators .	The actors mentioned the senators .	non-entailment
The doctors said that the scientists encouraged the senator .	The scientists encouraged the senator .	non-entailment
The tourist believed that the athletes encouraged the banker .	The athletes encouraged the banker .	non-entailment
The professors hoped that the lawyers ran .	The lawyers ran .	non-entailment
The bankers hoped that the doctor advised the actors .	The doctor advised the actors .	non-entailment
The doctor hoped that the secretary resigned .	The secretary resigned .	non-entailment
The scientist claimed that the senators stopped the secretaries .	The senators stopped the secretaries .	non-entailment
The secretary claimed that the senator helped the authors .	The senator helped the authors .	non-entailment
The doctor believed that the judges contacted the scientists .	The judges contacted the scientists .	non-entailment
The athlete believed that the managers performed .	The managers performed .	non-entailment
The presidents assumed that the judges thanked the lawyers .	The judges thanked the lawyers .	non-entailment
The artists assumed that the secretaries advised the lawyers .	The secretaries advised the lawyers .	non-entailment
The athletes thought that the lawyers advised the scientists .	The lawyers advised the scientists .	non-entailment
The professor believed that the judge slept .	The judge slept .	non-entailment
The authors assumed that the senator thanked the athletes .	The senator thanked the athletes .	non-entailment
The actors said that the student introduced the lawyer .	The student introduced the lawyer .	non-entailment
The secretary hoped that the artists helped the actor .	The artists helped the actor .	non-entailment
The artists thought that the lawyer danced .	The lawyer danced .	non-entailment
The presidents said that the lawyer recognized the actors .	The lawyer recognized the actors .	non-entailment
The author thought that the secretary introduced the senator .	The secretary introduced the senator .	non-entailment
The artists thought that the managers admired the scientists .	The managers admired the scientists .	non-entailment
The senator claimed that the doctor stopped the student .	The doctor stopped the student .	non-entailment
The president believed that the actor called the senators .	The actor called the senators .	non-entailment
The secretary said that the judge ran .	The judge ran .	non-entailment
The author claimed that the judge stopped the tourist .	The judge stopped the tourist .	non-entailment
The author assumed that the president thanked the scientists .	The president thanked the scientists .	non-entailment
The author assumed that the athletes helped the presidents .	The athletes helped the presidents .	non-entailment
The judge claimed that the doctor introduced the artists .	The doctor introduced the artists .	non-entailment
The professor believed that the athlete encouraged the tourists .	The athlete encouraged the tourists .	non-entailment
The professors claimed that the senators arrived .	The senators arrived .	non-entailment
The scientist thought that the doctors waited .	The doctors waited .	non-entailment
The artists hoped that the president stopped the bankers .	The president stopped the bankers .	non-entailment
The scientists thought that the lawyers slept .	The lawyers slept .	non-entailment
The authors said that the secretaries ran .	The secretaries ran .	non-entailment
The professor believed that the scientist recommended the doctor .	The scientist recommended the doctor .	non-entailment
The secretary said that the artists advised the lawyers .	The artists advised the lawyers .	non-entailment
The artist claimed that the students ran .	The students ran .	non-entailment
The doctors believed that the professors contacted the secretary .	The professors contacted the secretary .	non-entailment
The judge claimed that the senators shouted .	The senators shouted .	non-entailment
The presidents hoped that the banker contacted the scientists .	The banker contacted the scientists .	non-entailment
The lawyer claimed that the student slept .	The student slept .	non-entailment
The tourists hoped that the professor shouted .	The professor shouted .	non-entailment
The senator believed that the athletes shouted .	The athletes shouted .	non-entailment
The scientist thought that the tourist supported the senator .	The tourist supported the senator .	non-entailment
The managers thought that the actor danced .	The actor danced .	non-entailment
The student believed that the artists admired the scientists .	The artists admired the scientists .	non-entailment
The lawyers hoped that the actor performed .	The actor performed .	non-entailment
The secretaries thought that the artist encouraged the athletes .	The artist encouraged the athletes .	non-entailment
The athlete said that the senators performed .	The senators performed .	non-entailment
The artists said that the managers performed .	The managers performed .	non-entailment
The senator assumed that the bankers advised the lawyer .	The bankers advised the lawyer .	non-entailment
The secretary believed that the manager resigned .	The manager resigned .	non-entailment
The secretary said that the scientists resigned .	The scientists resigned .	non-entailment
The scientists thought that the tourist saw the lawyers .	The tourist saw the lawyers .	non-entailment
The senator assumed that the tourist supported the lawyer .	The tourist supported the lawyer .	non-entailment
The bankers thought that the tourist called the managers .	The tourist called the managers .	non-entailment
The manager thought that the lawyer avoided the doctors .	The lawyer avoided the doctors .	non-entailment
The professors thought that the senator supported the secretaries .	The senator supported the secretaries .	non-entailment
The senators said that the artist advised the authors .	The artist advised the authors .	non-entailment
The managers assumed that the senators saw the scientist .	The senators saw the scientist .	non-entailment
The tourist claimed that the senator admired the president .	The senator admired the president .	non-entailment
The banker thought that the students encouraged the athlete .	The students encouraged the athlete .	non-entailment
The athletes thought that the scientist resigned .	The scientist resigned .	non-entailment
The secretary said that the senator avoided the artist .	The senator avoided the artist .	non-entailment
The doctor thought that the students danced .	The students danced .	non-entailment
The athletes said that the secretary supported the tourists .	The secretary supported the tourists .	non-entailment
The judge hoped that the scientists supported the artist .	The scientists supported the artist .	non-entailment
The athlete said that the author recognized the secretary .	The author recognized the secretary .	non-entailment
The actors assumed that the athletes mentioned the student .	The athletes mentioned the student .	non-entailment
The actor thought that the secretary called the doctor .	The secretary called the doctor .	non-entailment
The athlete assumed that the authors waited .	The authors waited .	non-entailment
The judge thought that the student danced .	The student danced .	non-entailment
The senator said that the manager arrived .	The manager arrived .	non-entailment
The manager thought that the presidents ran .	The presidents ran .	non-entailment
The doctors believed that the judges slept .	The judges slept .	non-entailment
The athlete said that the artist danced .	The artist danced .	non-entailment
The athletes believed that the doctor admired the artists .	The doctor admired the artists .	non-entailment
The authors hoped that the judge performed .	The judge performed .	non-entailment
The professors claimed that the scientist advised the tourist .	The scientist advised the tourist .	non-entailment
The manager hoped that the senator danced .	The senator danced .	non-entailment
The doctor said that the author saw the lawyer .	The author saw the lawyer .	non-entailment
The artist thought that the bankers stopped the managers .	The bankers stopped the managers .	non-entailment
The judge said that the bankers saw the secretary .	The bankers saw the secretary .	non-entailment
The presidents hoped that the bankers avoided the judge .	The bankers avoided the judge .	non-entailment
The senators assumed that the student contacted the actors .	The student contacted the actors .	non-entailment
The presidents hoped that the scientists arrived .	The scientists arrived .	non-entailment
The banker thought that the students danced .	The students danced .	non-entailment
The tourist said that the senators danced .	The senators danced .	non-entailment
The students assumed that the scientists contacted the senator .	The scientists contacted the senator .	non-entailment
The lawyer hoped that the secretaries helped the students .	The secretaries helped the students .	non-entailment
The senators believed that the lawyers contacted the doctor .	The lawyers contacted the doctor .	non-entailment
The president hoped that the professors recognized the author .	The professors recognized the author .	non-entailment
The lawyers believed that the senator thanked the athletes .	The senator thanked the athletes .	non-entailment
The presidents claimed that the managers introduced the secretaries .	The managers introduced the secretaries .	non-entailment
The bankers thought that the judges supported the tourist .	The judges supported the tourist .	non-entailment
The senator hoped that the professors performed .	The professors performed .	non-entailment
The scientist hoped that the senators helped the president .	The senators helped the president .	non-entailment
The artist hoped that the actors contacted the manager .	The actors contacted the manager .	non-entailment
The professors hoped that the doctor called the bankers .	The doctor called the bankers .	non-entailment
The judges believed that the artist saw the manager .	The artist saw the manager .	non-entailment
The student claimed that the tourist helped the doctor .	The tourist helped the doctor .	non-entailment
The lawyers claimed that the scientist called the students .	The scientist called the students .	non-entailment
The presidents claimed that the professor called the athlete .	The professor called the athlete .	non-entailment
The judge thought that the student encouraged the athletes .	The student encouraged the athletes .	non-entailment
The scientists assumed that the bankers mentioned the managers .	The bankers mentioned the managers .	non-entailment
The author thought that the professor danced .	The professor danced .	non-entailment
The artist thought that the secretaries contacted the managers .	The secretaries contacted the managers .	non-entailment
The authors claimed that the scientist recommended the judge .	The scientist recommended the judge .	non-entailment
The judges assumed that the scientists introduced the author .	The scientists introduced the author .	non-entailment
The lawyers claimed that the students slept .	The students slept .	non-entailment
The senators hoped that the managers supported the tourist .	The managers supported the tourist .	non-entailment
The president assumed that the senator ran .	The senator ran .	non-entailment
The scientists hoped that the professors encouraged the tourists .	The professors encouraged the tourists .	non-entailment
The scientist hoped that the president shouted .	The president shouted .	non-entailment
The athletes claimed that the banker helped the tourist .	The banker helped the tourist .	non-entailment
The lawyer thought that the president contacted the tourists .	The president contacted the tourists .	non-entailment
The author said that the actor thanked the athlete .	The actor thanked the athlete .	non-entailment
The presidents assumed that the doctors danced .	The doctors danced .	non-entailment
The scientist believed that the athlete advised the lawyers .	The athlete advised the lawyers .	non-entailment
The banker hoped that the senator performed .	The senator performed .	non-entailment
The senators thought that the tourists admired the judges .	The tourists admired the judges .	non-entailment
The secretaries assumed that the banker contacted the manager .	The banker contacted the manager .	non-entailment
The professors thought that the artist danced .	The artist danced .	non-entailment
The tourist believed that the authors helped the bankers .	The authors helped the bankers .	non-entailment
The president thought that the judges mentioned the actor .	The judges mentioned the actor .	non-entailment
The author said that the doctors danced .	The doctors danced .	non-entailment
The professor assumed that the judges shouted .	The judges shouted .	non-entailment
The tourists said that the doctor called the lawyer .	The doctor called the lawyer .	non-entailment
The manager said that the students recommended the judge .	The students recommended the judge .	non-entailment
The scientists assumed that the bankers shouted .	The bankers shouted .	non-entailment
The secretary claimed that the artist resigned .	The artist resigned .	non-entailment
The author assumed that the scientists called the judges .	The scientists called the judges .	non-entailment
The senators assumed that the professor shouted .	The professor shouted .	non-entailment
The doctor believed that the tourists performed .	The tourists performed .	non-entailment
The students thought that the judges believed the doctors .	The judges believed the doctors .	non-entailment
The artist assumed that the secretaries performed .	The secretaries performed .	non-entailment
The banker hoped that the senators admired the presidents .	The senators admired the presidents .	non-entailment
The athletes hoped that the artist ran .	The artist ran .	non-entailment
The professor hoped that the doctors arrived .	The doctors arrived .	non-entailment
The athletes assumed that the judge stopped the senator .	The judge stopped the senator .	non-entailment
The doctor believed that the tourists contacted the actors .	The tourists contacted the actors .	non-entailment
The lawyer thought that the tourists supported the senator .	The tourists supported the senator .	non-entailment
The students said that the senator resigned .	The senator resigned .	non-entailment
The lawyers thought that the banker advised the senator .	The banker advised the senator .	non-entailment
The actors claimed that the authors mentioned the managers .	The authors mentioned the managers .	non-entailment
The lawyers said that the artist resigned .	The artist resigned .	non-entailment
The authors claimed that the lawyer thanked the artists .	The lawyer thanked the artists .	non-entailment
The senators assumed that the lawyers supported the author .	The lawyers supported the author .	non-entailment
The tourist claimed that the managers saw the secretary .	The managers saw the secretary .	non-entailment
The scientists hoped that the tourist believed the secretaries .	The tourist believed the secretaries .	non-entailment
The lawyers thought that the senator helped the judge .	The senator helped the judge .	non-entailment
The author hoped that the professor performed .	The professor performed .	non-entailment
The scientists believed that the judges arrived .	The judges arrived .	non-entailment
The scientist assumed that the artists called the actor .	The artists called the actor .	non-entailment
The president hoped that the students performed .	The students performed .	non-entailment
The actor claimed that the artist saw the tourists .	The artist saw the tourists .	non-entailment
The presidents thought that the scientist performed .	The scientist performed .	non-entailment
The actor believed that the manager mentioned the artists .	The manager mentioned the artists .	non-entailment
The tourists said that the senator resigned .	The senator resigned .	non-entailment
The author thought that the professors encouraged the artist .	The professors encouraged the artist .	non-entailment
The secretaries said that the professors called the athletes .	The professors called the athletes .	non-entailment
The judge hoped that the banker supported the athlete .	The banker supported the athlete .	non-entailment
The lawyer assumed that the author encouraged the managers .	The author encouraged the managers .	non-entailment
The presidents assumed that the senators encouraged the student .	The senators encouraged the student .	non-entailment
The senators assumed that the actors waited .	The actors waited .	non-entailment
The professor thought that the artists resigned .	The artists resigned .	non-entailment
The artists believed that the doctors avoided the scientists .	The doctors avoided the scientists .	non-entailment
The judge claimed that the lawyers saw the professors .	The lawyers saw the professors .	non-entailment
The artists assumed that the author encouraged the lawyer .	The author encouraged the lawyer .	non-entailment
The judges claimed that the manager supported the scientist .	The manager supported the scientist .	non-entailment
The athletes assumed that the artist helped the student .	The artist helped the student .	non-entailment
The student hoped that the banker mentioned the doctors .	The banker mentioned the doctors .	non-entailment
The actors hoped that the scientists ran .	The scientists ran .	non-entailment
The judges assumed that the senator advised the artists .	The senator advised the artists .	non-entailment
The senators thought that the author mentioned the professor .	The author mentioned the professor .	non-entailment
The president hoped that the lawyer believed the tourists .	The lawyer believed the tourists .	non-entailment
The professor believed that the judges saw the tourists .	The judges saw the tourists .	non-entailment
The presidents said that the manager encouraged the athletes .	The manager encouraged the athletes .	non-entailment
The judge assumed that the presidents performed .	The presidents performed .	non-entailment
The manager assumed that the doctor helped the banker .	The doctor helped the banker .	non-entailment
The senator assumed that the bankers mentioned the student .	The bankers mentioned the student .	non-entailment
The students said that the artists advised the senator .	The artists advised the senator .	non-entailment
The managers claimed that the student recommended the secretaries .	The student recommended the secretaries .	non-entailment
The professors claimed that the student contacted the actor .	The student contacted the actor .	non-entailment
The author hoped that the president mentioned the professor .	The president mentioned the professor .	non-entailment
The doctor assumed that the student mentioned the athlete .	The student mentioned the athlete .	non-entailment
The presidents hoped that the actor advised the professor .	The actor advised the professor .	non-entailment
The artists said that the senator introduced the professor .	The senator introduced the professor .	non-entailment
The athlete claimed that the student supported the doctor .	The student supported the doctor .	non-entailment
The manager assumed that the lawyers advised the actor .	The lawyers advised the actor .	non-entailment
The bankers claimed that the presidents helped the lawyers .	The presidents helped the lawyers .	non-entailment
The scientists said that the actor saw the manager .	The actor saw the manager .	non-entailment
The actor hoped that the author waited .	The author waited .	non-entailment
The professors thought that the presidents supported the tourists .	The presidents supported the tourists .	non-entailment
The artist believed that the judges supported the president .	The judges supported the president .	non-entailment
The lawyer claimed that the banker recognized the senator .	The banker recognized the senator .	non-entailment
The tourists said that the athletes resigned .	The athletes resigned .	non-entailment
The judge assumed that the secretary waited .	The secretary waited .	non-entailment
The actors assumed that the author danced .	The author danced .	non-entailment
The senators hoped that the athlete called the judges .	The athlete called the judges .	non-entailment
The doctor believed that the actors performed .	The actors performed .	non-entailment
The president thought that the manager waited .	The manager waited .	non-entailment
The president thought that the tourists advised the actors .	The tourists advised the actors .	non-entailment
The doctor claimed that the professor resigned .	The professor resigned .	non-entailment
The managers assumed that the secretary called the president .	The secretary called the president .	non-entailment
The student said that the secretary danced .	The secretary danced .	non-entailment
The managers hoped that the secretary ran .	The secretary ran .	non-entailment
The senators believed that the bankers resigned .	The bankers resigned .	non-entailment
The judge believed that the scientists shouted .	The scientists shouted .	non-entailment
The bankers assumed that the authors believed the athlete .	The authors believed the athlete .	non-entailment
The senator thought that the managers recognized the student .	The managers recognized the student .	non-entailment
The doctors said that the students called the presidents .	The students called the presidents .	non-entailment
The presidents believed that the secretary waited .	The secretary waited .	non-entailment
The tourist assumed that the presidents encouraged the athletes .	The presidents encouraged the athletes .	non-entailment
The tourist believed that the actors performed .	The actors performed .	non-entailment
The doctor claimed that the tourist encouraged the actor .	The tourist encouraged the actor .	non-entailment
The secretary assumed that the author stopped the tourists .	The author stopped the tourists .	non-entailment
The professor hoped that the presidents thanked the artist .	The presidents thanked the artist .	non-entailment
The president hoped that the artists saw the bankers .	The artists saw the bankers .	non-entailment
The artists thought that the senators arrived .	The senators arrived .	non-entailment
The manager said that the author recommended the lawyer .	The author recommended the lawyer .	non-entailment
The judges hoped that the bankers resigned .	The bankers resigned .	non-entailment
The tourists said that the actor encouraged the secretaries .	The actor encouraged the secretaries .	non-entailment
The professor said that the secretary stopped the artists .	The secretary stopped the artists .	non-entailment
The senator believed that the manager performed .	The manager performed .	non-entailment
The bankers assumed that the tourist advised the judge .	The tourist advised the judge .	non-entailment
The tourists believed that the senator stopped the secretary .	The senator stopped the secretary .	non-entailment
The artist hoped that the doctors avoided the professor .	The doctors avoided the professor .	non-entailment
The artists assumed that the senators called the president .	The senators called the president .	non-entailment
The doctor claimed that the actor contacted the professors .	The actor contacted the professors .	non-entailment
The banker said that the professor introduced the artists .	The professor introduced the artists .	non-entailment
The student believed that the actors danced .	The actors danced .	non-entailment
The lawyers claimed that the athletes recognized the judges .	The athletes recognized the judges .	non-entailment
The doctor assumed that the presidents waited .	The presidents waited .	non-entailment
The students believed that the professor advised the manager .	The professor advised the manager .	non-entailment
The athletes believed that the bankers supported the scientist .	The bankers supported the scientist .	non-entailment
The athletes said that the judges recommended the senator .	The judges recommended the senator .	non-entailment
The secretaries hoped that the judge admired the bankers .	The judge admired the bankers .	non-entailment
The athletes assumed that the professors advised the scientist .	The professors advised the scientist .	non-entailment
The judge hoped that the professors waited .	The professors waited .	non-entailment
The authors assumed that the lawyer helped the professors .	The lawyer helped the professors .	non-entailment
The lawyer claimed that the secretaries ran .	The secretaries ran .	non-entailment
The artist thought that the senators introduced the judge .	The senators introduced the judge .	non-entailment
The tourist assumed that the senator believed the actors .	The senator believed the actors .	non-entailment
The president said that the lawyer contacted the author .	The lawyer contacted the author .	non-entailment
The president claimed that the scientists advised the doctors .	The scientists advised the doctors .	non-entailment
The students claimed that the scientists mentioned the actors .	The scientists mentioned the actors .	non-entailment
The presidents hoped that the lawyers helped the tourists .	The lawyers helped the tourists .	non-entailment
The tourist claimed that the doctor saw the scientist .	The doctor saw the scientist .	non-entailment
The lawyer claimed that the artist recommended the bankers .	The artist recommended the bankers .	non-entailment
The student said that the lawyer performed .	The lawyer performed .	non-entailment
The judges claimed that the secretaries shouted .	The secretaries shouted .	non-entailment
The author thought that the scientists resigned .	The scientists resigned .	non-entailment
The professors assumed that the banker waited .	The banker waited .	non-entailment
The senators claimed that the scientist shouted .	The scientist shouted .	non-entailment
The tourists assumed that the scientist performed .	The scientist performed .	non-entailment
The secretary claimed that the artists danced .	The artists danced .	non-entailment
The president thought that the students admired the judges .	The students admired the judges .	non-entailment
The tourists thought that the senator slept .	The senator slept .	non-entailment
The manager said that the athletes helped the banker .	The athletes helped the banker .	non-entailment
The athlete hoped that the artists called the tourist .	The artists called the tourist .	non-entailment
The presidents assumed that the doctor saw the actor .	The doctor saw the actor .	non-entailment
The athletes claimed that the managers advised the actor .	The managers advised the actor .	non-entailment
The manager assumed that the secretaries ran .	The secretaries ran .	non-entailment
The scientists hoped that the manager ran .	The manager ran .	non-entailment
The author claimed that the artist recognized the actors .	The artist recognized the actors .	non-entailment
The judges claimed that the senators encouraged the tourist .	The senators encouraged the tourist .	non-entailment
The scientist assumed that the manager slept .	The manager slept .	non-entailment
The tourists said that the judge admired the senators .	The judge admired the senators .	non-entailment
The banker believed that the scientist supported the secretary .	The scientist supported the secretary .	non-entailment
The senators thought that the tourists called the lawyer .	The tourists called the lawyer .	non-entailment
The tourists assumed that the artist waited .	The artist waited .	non-entailment
The scientists said that the managers shouted .	The managers shouted .	non-entailment
The president assumed that the author supported the actors .	The author supported the actors .	non-entailment
The secretaries believed that the doctor shouted .	The doctor shouted .	non-entailment
The presidents thought that the scientists supported the professors .	The scientists supported the professors .	non-entailment
The senators claimed that the professor recognized the judge .	The professor recognized the judge .	non-entailment
The scientist assumed that the judges saw the artist .	The judges saw the artist .	non-entailment
The tourist hoped that the doctor called the athlete .	The doctor called the athlete .	non-entailment
The scientist hoped that the student arrived .	The student arrived .	non-entailment
The banker assumed that the secretaries waited .	The secretaries waited .	non-entailment
The lawyers believed that the actor performed .	The actor performed .	non-entailment
The athletes claimed that the secretaries thanked the artist .	The secretaries thanked the artist .	non-entailment
The managers claimed that the senator shouted .	The senator shouted .	non-entailment
The athletes claimed that the manager saw the professor .	The manager saw the professor .	non-entailment
The lawyers claimed that the scientist contacted the authors .	The scientist contacted the authors .	non-entailment
The scientist thought that the senators performed .	The senators performed .	non-entailment
The professor hoped that the author mentioned the presidents .	The author mentioned the presidents .	non-entailment
The tourist hoped that the doctor admired the managers .	The doctor admired the managers .	non-entailment
The senators thought that the student saw the athletes .	The student saw the athletes .	non-entailment
The actor assumed that the managers admired the scientist .	The managers admired the scientist .	non-entailment
The senators hoped that the lawyer arrived .	The lawyer arrived .	non-entailment
The secretary hoped that the presidents introduced the senator .	The presidents introduced the senator .	non-entailment
The lawyers said that the professors advised the doctor .	The professors advised the doctor .	non-entailment
The judges thought that the senators danced .	The senators danced .	non-entailment
The lawyers claimed that the professor danced .	The professor danced .	non-entailment
The doctors hoped that the authors helped the senators .	The authors helped the senators .	non-entailment
The professor claimed that the president arrived .	The president arrived .	non-entailment
The secretary hoped that the lawyers believed the scientists .	The lawyers believed the scientists .	non-entailment
The senators claimed that the student admired the presidents .	The student admired the presidents .	non-entailment
The artists believed that the manager advised the author .	The manager advised the author .	non-entailment
The author hoped that the tourist performed .	The tourist performed .	non-entailment
The president hoped that the secretary performed .	The secretary performed .	non-entailment
The student claimed that the managers helped the doctors .	The managers helped the doctors .	non-entailment
The secretaries said that the senator helped the authors .	The senator helped the authors .	non-entailment
The tourist thought that the secretaries supported the lawyer .	The secretaries supported the lawyer .	non-entailment
The president thought that the judges helped the author .	The judges helped the author .	non-entailment
The banker thought that the manager supported the senators .	The manager supported the senators .	non-entailment
The lawyer said that the artist admired the professors .	The artist admired the professors .	non-entailment
The athletes claimed that the scientists supported the banker .	The scientists supported the banker .	non-entailment
The scientists believed that the tourist waited .	The tourist waited .	non-entailment
The actors thought that the doctor resigned .	The doctor resigned .	non-entailment
The author assumed that the professor waited .	The professor waited .	non-entailment
The judges thought that the secretary performed .	The secretary performed .	non-entailment
The scientists said that the actors advised the professor .	The actors advised the professor .	non-entailment
The president said that the student recommended the lawyers .	The student recommended the lawyers .	non-entailment
The senators claimed that the authors performed .	The authors performed .	non-entailment
The president hoped that the scientist stopped the artists .	The scientist stopped the artists .	non-entailment
The banker hoped that the secretaries shouted .	The secretaries shouted .	non-entailment
The president assumed that the actors performed .	The actors performed .	non-entailment
The manager thought that the lawyer recognized the doctors .	The lawyer recognized the doctors .	non-entailment
The senator thought that the tourist stopped the professor .	The tourist stopped the professor .	non-entailment
The actor assumed that the senators saw the students .	The senators saw the students .	non-entailment
The bankers claimed that the professors slept .	The professors slept .	non-entailment
The students assumed that the athlete called the tourists .	The athlete called the tourists .	non-entailment
The secretaries believed that the tourist ran .	The tourist ran .	non-entailment
The tourists said that the secretaries ran .	The secretaries ran .	non-entailment
The students thought that the presidents waited .	The presidents waited .	non-entailment
The authors said that the judges saw the professor .	The judges saw the professor .	non-entailment
The judges claimed that the author supported the secretaries .	The author supported the secretaries .	non-entailment
The judges believed that the students encouraged the doctor .	The students encouraged the doctor .	non-entailment
The actors thought that the manager thanked the athlete .	The manager thanked the athlete .	non-entailment
The judges claimed that the scientists resigned .	The scientists resigned .	non-entailment
The senator hoped that the tourist advised the managers .	The tourist advised the managers .	non-entailment
The secretary assumed that the tourist supported the authors .	The tourist supported the authors .	non-entailment
The senators said that the managers waited .	The managers waited .	non-entailment
The secretary assumed that the actors recommended the athlete .	The actors recommended the athlete .	non-entailment
The doctors hoped that the professors avoided the authors .	The professors avoided the authors .	non-entailment
The lawyer thought that the senators supported the manager .	The senators supported the manager .	non-entailment
The actors believed that the authors waited .	The authors waited .	non-entailment
The senator hoped that the athlete resigned .	The athlete resigned .	non-entailment
The managers thought that the scientist resigned .	The scientist resigned .	non-entailment
The senators assumed that the president advised the actors .	The president advised the actors .	non-entailment
The authors thought that the athlete introduced the professors .	The athlete introduced the professors .	non-entailment
The actor claimed that the authors avoided the athletes .	The authors avoided the athletes .	non-entailment
The tourist hoped that the presidents avoided the doctors .	The presidents avoided the doctors .	non-entailment
The doctors hoped that the tourist called the judges .	The tourist called the judges .	non-entailment
The actors said that the authors performed .	The authors performed .	non-entailment
The actor hoped that the professors resigned .	The professors resigned .	non-entailment
The scientist thought that the student performed .	The student performed .	non-entailment
The professor assumed that the judges slept .	The judges slept .	non-entailment
The athletes assumed that the judge believed the actor .	The judge believed the actor .	non-entailment
The athletes believed that the senators contacted the lawyers .	The senators contacted the lawyers .	non-entailment
The athletes claimed that the professor admired the actor .	The professor admired the actor .	non-entailment
The managers hoped that the professors called the doctors .	The professors called the doctors .	non-entailment
The judge hoped that the tourists slept .	The tourists slept .	non-entailment
The tourist said that the actors waited .	The actors waited .	non-entailment
The senators assumed that the doctors ran .	The doctors ran .	non-entailment
The secretaries assumed that the banker mentioned the athlete .	The banker mentioned the athlete .	non-entailment
The judges claimed that the artists contacted the athlete .	The artists contacted the athlete .	non-entailment
The doctors claimed that the artists supported the judge .	The artists supported the judge .	non-entailment
The judges claimed that the manager thanked the senators .	The manager thanked the senators .	non-entailment
The manager believed that the artists danced .	The artists danced .	non-entailment
The student thought that the actor helped the manager .	The actor helped the manager .	non-entailment
The presidents thought that the lawyers encouraged the students .	The lawyers encouraged the students .	non-entailment
The student hoped that the judges ran .	The judges ran .	non-entailment
The actors thought that the president slept .	The president slept .	non-entailment
The secretary claimed that the bankers waited .	The bankers waited .	non-entailment
The doctors thought that the secretaries called the senators .	The secretaries called the senators .	non-entailment
The president believed that the managers helped the secretaries .	The managers helped the secretaries .	non-entailment
The president claimed that the professor arrived .	The professor arrived .	non-entailment
The lawyer believed that the actors supported the presidents .	The actors supported the presidents .	non-entailment
The president said that the senators called the judge .	The senators called the judge .	non-entailment
The doctor claimed that the lawyer resigned .	The lawyer resigned .	non-entailment
The actor said that the professors slept .	The professors slept .	non-entailment
The professors hoped that the managers helped the presidents .	The managers helped the presidents .	non-entailment
The student assumed that the actors called the doctor .	The actors called the doctor .	non-entailment
The senator said that the scientist supported the athlete .	The scientist supported the athlete .	non-entailment
The author assumed that the actors performed .	The actors performed .	non-entailment
The banker said that the manager stopped the artist .	The manager stopped the artist .	non-entailment
The managers believed that the senators resigned .	The senators resigned .	non-entailment
The tourists assumed that the professor encouraged the lawyers .	The professor encouraged the lawyers .	non-entailment
The authors claimed that the athlete stopped the judge .	The athlete stopped the judge .	non-entailment
The judges said that the lawyers advised the author .	The lawyers advised the author .	non-entailment
The lawyer hoped that the author believed the artist .	The author believed the artist .	non-entailment
The tourist assumed that the artists introduced the judge .	The artists introduced the judge .	non-entailment
The lawyer claimed that the artist resigned .	The artist resigned .	non-entailment
The lawyers thought that the secretaries arrived .	The secretaries arrived .	non-entailment
The actor claimed that the student contacted the professor .	The student contacted the professor .	non-entailment
The doctors claimed that the artist encouraged the professor .	The artist encouraged the professor .	non-entailment
The secretaries assumed that the artists danced .	The artists danced .	non-entailment
The tourists assumed that the judges helped the manager .	The judges helped the manager .	non-entailment
The lawyers hoped that the senator waited .	The senator waited .	non-entailment
The lawyer believed that the scientists thanked the managers .	The scientists thanked the managers .	non-entailment
The actor said that the artists slept .	The artists slept .	non-entailment
The presidents believed that the artist slept .	The artist slept .	non-entailment
The senator claimed that the presidents avoided the doctors .	The presidents avoided the doctors .	non-entailment
The scientist assumed that the lawyer resigned .	The lawyer resigned .	non-entailment
The students hoped that the lawyers helped the tourist .	The lawyers helped the tourist .	non-entailment
The senators believed that the artists admired the banker .	The artists admired the banker .	non-entailment
The actor hoped that the athlete encouraged the banker .	The athlete encouraged the banker .	non-entailment
The lawyers hoped that the presidents introduced the judges .	The presidents introduced the judges .	non-entailment
The students thought that the doctor believed the scientists .	The doctor believed the scientists .	non-entailment
The judge hoped that the professors slept .	The professors slept .	non-entailment
The senator said that the judge ran .	The judge ran .	non-entailment
The president claimed that the student introduced the tourist .	The student introduced the tourist .	non-entailment
The senators claimed that the actors thanked the artists .	The actors thanked the artists .	non-entailment
The scientist believed that the students mentioned the artist .	The students mentioned the artist .	non-entailment
The bankers thought that the doctor shouted .	The doctor shouted .	non-entailment
The tourists claimed that the secretary ran .	The secretary ran .	non-entailment
The lawyers thought that the doctors danced .	The doctors danced .	non-entailment
The students said that the professors encouraged the scientists .	The professors encouraged the scientists .	non-entailment
The athlete claimed that the students called the scientist .	The students called the scientist .	non-entailment
The athletes said that the artists mentioned the lawyers .	The artists mentioned the lawyers .	non-entailment
The bankers thought that the artist contacted the students .	The artist contacted the students .	non-entailment
The athlete believed that the secretaries performed .	The secretaries performed .	non-entailment
The manager thought that the actors stopped the lawyer .	The actors stopped the lawyer .	non-entailment
The actors thought that the tourists danced .	The tourists danced .	non-entailment
The tourist claimed that the doctors arrived .	The doctors arrived .	non-entailment
The banker assumed that the students ran .	The students ran .	non-entailment
The managers said that the artists helped the tourists .	The artists helped the tourists .	non-entailment
The actor thought that the artist believed the senator .	The artist believed the senator .	non-entailment
The secretary believed that the actor shouted .	The actor shouted .	non-entailment
The bankers believed that the doctor supported the artists .	The doctor supported the artists .	non-entailment
The bankers claimed that the student introduced the managers .	The student introduced the managers .	non-entailment
The actor thought that the judge recommended the authors .	The judge recommended the authors .	non-entailment
The judges claimed that the managers avoided the tourists .	The managers avoided the tourists .	non-entailment
The president said that the lawyer resigned .	The lawyer resigned .	non-entailment
The doctors assumed that the president believed the senators .	The president believed the senators .	non-entailment
The student claimed that the tourists ran .	The tourists ran .	non-entailment
The lawyer believed that the professors performed .	The professors performed .	non-entailment
The judges said that the lawyer helped the manager .	The lawyer helped the manager .	non-entailment
The bankers said that the scientists supported the actors .	The scientists supported the actors .	non-entailment
The scientist assumed that the athlete danced .	The athlete danced .	non-entailment
The tourist believed that the professor contacted the senator .	The professor contacted the senator .	non-entailment
The athletes assumed that the managers mentioned the senator .	The managers mentioned the senator .	non-entailment
The athletes claimed that the tourists advised the presidents .	The tourists advised the presidents .	non-entailment
The author claimed that the president called the scientists .	The president called the scientists .	non-entailment
The author thought that the actor ran .	The actor ran .	non-entailment
The professors believed that the author waited .	The author waited .	non-entailment
The presidents assumed that the bankers contacted the lawyer .	The bankers contacted the lawyer .	non-entailment
The scientist claimed that the athlete encouraged the professors .	The athlete encouraged the professors .	non-entailment
The tourists said that the secretary thanked the doctors .	The secretary thanked the doctors .	non-entailment
The artists hoped that the presidents encouraged the manager .	The presidents encouraged the manager .	non-entailment
The manager hoped that the banker performed .	The banker performed .	non-entailment
The secretary claimed that the president stopped the managers .	The president stopped the managers .	non-entailment
The artists said that the senators called the lawyers .	The senators called the lawyers .	non-entailment
The authors hoped that the bankers slept .	The bankers slept .	non-entailment
The banker thought that the doctor mentioned the athletes .	The doctor mentioned the athletes .	non-entailment
The lawyer believed that the author stopped the actor .	The author stopped the actor .	non-entailment
The lawyer thought that the actors mentioned the secretary .	The actors mentioned the secretary .	non-entailment
The judge said that the professors admired the senators .	The professors admired the senators .	non-entailment
The managers said that the presidents arrived .	The presidents arrived .	non-entailment
The judge said that the bankers called the actor .	The bankers called the actor .	non-entailment
The students hoped that the scientists slept .	The scientists slept .	non-entailment
The lawyers thought that the judges supported the presidents .	The judges supported the presidents .	non-entailment
The lawyer hoped that the professor waited .	The professor waited .	non-entailment
The author said that the senator performed .	The senator performed .	non-entailment
The doctors hoped that the presidents shouted .	The presidents shouted .	non-entailment
The professors believed that the scientist danced .	The scientist danced .	non-entailment
The tourist believed that the president slept .	The president slept .	non-entailment
The scientists thought that the secretaries supported the actors .	The secretaries supported the actors .	non-entailment
The senator hoped that the actors supported the artists .	The actors supported the artists .	non-entailment
The managers hoped that the author slept .	The author slept .	non-entailment
The managers said that the tourist helped the athlete .	The tourist helped the athlete .	non-entailment
The senators said that the actor ran .	The actor ran .	non-entailment
The artist believed that the manager introduced the secretaries .	The manager introduced the secretaries .	non-entailment
The scientists believed that the president shouted .	The president shouted .	non-entailment
The students thought that the doctor admired the athlete .	The doctor admired the athlete .	non-entailment
The professors said that the students shouted .	The students shouted .	non-entailment
The authors thought that the scientist shouted .	The scientist shouted .	non-entailment
The artists claimed that the doctors mentioned the secretaries .	The doctors mentioned the secretaries .	non-entailment
The artists said that the senators contacted the judges .	The senators contacted the judges .	non-entailment
The author thought that the athlete believed the students .	The athlete believed the students .	non-entailment
The president believed that the doctor arrived .	The doctor arrived .	non-entailment
The lawyer believed that the authors introduced the artists .	The authors introduced the artists .	non-entailment
The managers thought that the students avoided the actor .	The students avoided the actor .	non-entailment
The managers thought that the actor advised the athlete .	The actor advised the athlete .	non-entailment
The senator thought that the lawyer recommended the student .	The lawyer recommended the student .	non-entailment
The professor assumed that the tourists contacted the lawyer .	The tourists contacted the lawyer .	non-entailment
The senator assumed that the tourists ran .	The tourists ran .	non-entailment
The senators assumed that the professor advised the student .	The professor advised the student .	non-entailment
The student said that the lawyer helped the secretary .	The lawyer helped the secretary .	non-entailment
The judge hoped that the student encouraged the athletes .	The student encouraged the athletes .	non-entailment
The athlete hoped that the scientists mentioned the professor .	The scientists mentioned the professor .	non-entailment
The judge said that the author waited .	The author waited .	non-entailment
The presidents hoped that the actor arrived .	The actor arrived .	non-entailment
The tourist hoped that the scientists danced .	The scientists danced .	non-entailment
The doctor thought that the students performed .	The students performed .	non-entailment
The secretary assumed that the doctor saw the athletes .	The doctor saw the athletes .	non-entailment
The secretaries thought that the bankers stopped the senator .	The bankers stopped the senator .	non-entailment
The scientist said that the athletes encouraged the president .	The athletes encouraged the president .	non-entailment
The judge said that the student admired the professors .	The student admired the professors .	non-entailment
The athlete claimed that the judge arrived .	The judge arrived .	non-entailment
The senators assumed that the professors recognized the bankers .	The professors recognized the bankers .	non-entailment
The athletes said that the managers slept .	The managers slept .	non-entailment
The manager believed that the senators waited .	The senators waited .	non-entailment
The artist assumed that the athletes resigned .	The athletes resigned .	non-entailment
The managers said that the judges mentioned the presidents .	The judges mentioned the presidents .	non-entailment
The president thought that the lawyer contacted the judge .	The lawyer contacted the judge .	non-entailment
The tourist assumed that the scientists shouted .	The scientists shouted .	non-entailment
The managers assumed that the tourist thanked the artists .	The tourist thanked the artists .	non-entailment
The athlete believed that the doctor resigned .	The doctor resigned .	non-entailment
The judges hoped that the athletes helped the scientist .	The athletes helped the scientist .	non-entailment
The actors believed that the scientists contacted the presidents .	The scientists contacted the presidents .	non-entailment
The senator thought that the presidents recommended the secretary .	The presidents recommended the secretary .	non-entailment
The athlete assumed that the artists called the tourists .	The artists called the tourists .	non-entailment
The judge said that the lawyer saw the president .	The lawyer saw the president .	non-entailment
The doctors claimed that the students shouted .	The students shouted .	non-entailment
The actors thought that the athletes admired the lawyers .	The athletes admired the lawyers .	non-entailment
The actors hoped that the athletes slept .	The athletes slept .	non-entailment
The managers said that the tourist admired the actor .	The tourist admired the actor .	non-entailment
The doctor hoped that the senators recognized the professors .	The senators recognized the professors .	non-entailment
The artist claimed that the author stopped the managers .	The author stopped the managers .	non-entailment
The actor claimed that the bankers arrived .	The bankers arrived .	non-entailment
The senator claimed that the managers supported the author .	The managers supported the author .	non-entailment
The author assumed that the president avoided the lawyer .	The president avoided the lawyer .	non-entailment
The tourists hoped that the bankers advised the presidents .	The bankers advised the presidents .	non-entailment
The professors believed that the tourists arrived .	The tourists arrived .	non-entailment
The presidents hoped that the lawyer resigned .	The lawyer resigned .	non-entailment
The actor claimed that the author called the secretaries .	The author called the secretaries .	non-entailment
The student believed that the author danced .	The author danced .	non-entailment
The students hoped that the senator danced .	The senator danced .	non-entailment
The student believed that the scientist helped the doctors .	The scientist helped the doctors .	non-entailment
The authors claimed that the doctor called the judge .	The doctor called the judge .	non-entailment
The managers said that the artists avoided the secretary .	The artists avoided the secretary .	non-entailment
The scientists believed that the doctor ran .	The doctor ran .	non-entailment
The judges hoped that the actor performed .	The actor performed .	non-entailment
The professors thought that the senators slept .	The senators slept .	non-entailment
The presidents assumed that the scientists arrived .	The scientists arrived .	non-entailment
The students thought that the author encouraged the artist .	The author encouraged the artist .	non-entailment
The students assumed that the managers encouraged the banker .	The managers encouraged the banker .	non-entailment
The doctors believed that the manager danced .	The manager danced .	non-entailment
The lawyers said that the scientist waited .	The scientist waited .	non-entailment
The athletes assumed that the lawyers saw the senators .	The lawyers saw the senators .	non-entailment
The manager assumed that the judge stopped the artist .	The judge stopped the artist .	non-entailment
The presidents thought that the professor resigned .	The professor resigned .	non-entailment
The managers believed that the scientist slept .	The scientist slept .	non-entailment
The lawyer said that the actor admired the scientists .	The actor admired the scientists .	non-entailment
The secretaries hoped that the doctors arrived .	The doctors arrived .	non-entailment
The authors thought that the judges called the managers .	The judges called the managers .	non-entailment
The secretaries thought that the manager shouted .	The manager shouted .	non-entailment
The doctors assumed that the president performed .	The president performed .	non-entailment
The judge thought that the artists saw the doctors .	The artists saw the doctors .	non-entailment
The manager hoped that the lawyers stopped the athlete .	The lawyers stopped the athlete .	non-entailment
The artists said that the judges admired the athletes .	The judges admired the athletes .	non-entailment
The author assumed that the managers called the lawyers .	The managers called the lawyers .	non-entailment
The presidents believed that the scientist encouraged the bankers .	The scientist encouraged the bankers .	non-entailment
The secretaries believed that the scientists helped the authors .	The scientists helped the authors .	non-entailment
The lawyer said that the students encouraged the tourists .	The students encouraged the tourists .	non-entailment
The doctor believed that the artist thanked the secretary .	The artist thanked the secretary .	non-entailment
The professor believed that the scientists thanked the student .	The scientists thanked the student .	non-entailment
The lawyer hoped that the actors performed .	The actors performed .	non-entailment
The secretary said that the student recognized the bankers .	The student recognized the bankers .	non-entailment
The managers believed that the presidents ran .	The presidents ran .	non-entailment
The athlete thought that the managers stopped the tourists .	The managers stopped the tourists .	non-entailment
The doctor claimed that the artist ran .	The artist ran .	non-entailment
The managers claimed that the judge admired the student .	The judge admired the student .	non-entailment
The professors said that the judges helped the doctors .	The judges helped the doctors .	non-entailment
The managers claimed that the senator contacted the doctors .	The senator contacted the doctors .	non-entailment
The judges said that the students avoided the actors .	The students avoided the actors .	non-entailment
The doctors said that the artists stopped the professors .	The artists stopped the professors .	non-entailment
The students thought that the tourists avoided the actor .	The tourists avoided the actor .	non-entailment
The senator hoped that the artists resigned .	The artists resigned .	non-entailment
The manager thought that the professor avoided the tourists .	The professor avoided the tourists .	non-entailment
The secretary believed that the scientists slept .	The scientists slept .	non-entailment
The professors assumed that the athletes advised the president .	The athletes advised the president .	non-entailment
The secretary thought that the author arrived .	The author arrived .	non-entailment
The professor thought that the lawyer performed .	The lawyer performed .	non-entailment
The scientist assumed that the artists thanked the professor .	The artists thanked the professor .	non-entailment
The president thought that the authors stopped the banker .	The authors stopped the banker .	non-entailment
The scientists assumed that the athletes believed the managers .	The athletes believed the managers .	non-entailment
The manager assumed that the secretaries danced .	The secretaries danced .	non-entailment
The artists hoped that the authors recommended the doctors .	The authors recommended the doctors .	non-entailment
The senator said that the professor advised the bankers .	The professor advised the bankers .	non-entailment
The judge hoped that the artist resigned .	The artist resigned .	non-entailment
The actors assumed that the doctors shouted .	The doctors shouted .	non-entailment
The actors thought that the author arrived .	The author arrived .	non-entailment
The authors said that the secretaries introduced the bankers .	The secretaries introduced the bankers .	non-entailment
The judge hoped that the bankers ran .	The bankers ran .	non-entailment
The authors assumed that the president mentioned the artist .	The president mentioned the artist .	non-entailment
The professor thought that the tourist waited .	The tourist waited .	non-entailment
The students thought that the authors recommended the lawyers .	The authors recommended the lawyers .	non-entailment
The secretaries assumed that the lawyer helped the students .	The lawyer helped the students .	non-entailment
The athlete said that the artists called the professors .	The artists called the professors .	non-entailment
The managers hoped that the authors helped the presidents .	The authors helped the presidents .	non-entailment
The senator assumed that the manager mentioned the artists .	The manager mentioned the artists .	non-entailment
The scientist said that the doctors slept .	The doctors slept .	non-entailment
The president assumed that the artists contacted the doctor .	The artists contacted the doctor .	non-entailment
The senator claimed that the lawyer resigned .	The lawyer resigned .	non-entailment
The doctors said that the authors mentioned the lawyers .	The authors mentioned the lawyers .	non-entailment
The author thought that the president danced .	The president danced .	non-entailment
The authors hoped that the doctors shouted .	The doctors shouted .	non-entailment
The secretary hoped that the student resigned .	The student resigned .	non-entailment
The secretary hoped that the senator arrived .	The senator arrived .	non-entailment
The artist thought that the authors danced .	The authors danced .	non-entailment
The students thought that the banker contacted the professors .	The banker contacted the professors .	non-entailment
The author hoped that the scientists contacted the artists .	The scientists contacted the artists .	non-entailment
The bankers assumed that the managers supported the actors .	The managers supported the actors .	non-entailment
The scientist hoped that the tourists slept .	The tourists slept .	non-entailment
The athletes hoped that the managers thanked the doctors .	The managers thanked the doctors .	non-entailment
The lawyers assumed that the managers believed the scientists .	The managers believed the scientists .	non-entailment
The bankers assumed that the artists saw the secretary .	The artists saw the secretary .	non-entailment
The professors thought that the athletes recognized the doctors .	The athletes recognized the doctors .	non-entailment
The secretary believed that the athlete performed .	The athlete performed .	non-entailment
The manager believed that the judge advised the banker .	The judge advised the banker .	non-entailment
The tourist thought that the banker supported the artists .	The banker supported the artists .	non-entailment
The senators said that the managers recognized the secretary .	The managers recognized the secretary .	non-entailment
The judges assumed that the student arrived .	The student arrived .	non-entailment
The artist thought that the athletes shouted .	The athletes shouted .	non-entailment
The professors assumed that the bankers admired the tourists .	The bankers admired the tourists .	non-entailment
The judges claimed that the athletes called the artist .	The athletes called the artist .	non-entailment
The actor believed that the doctor introduced the presidents .	The doctor introduced the presidents .	non-entailment
The judges said that the actors thanked the doctor .	The actors thanked the doctor .	non-entailment
The managers believed that the professors resigned .	The professors resigned .	non-entailment
The lawyers said that the senators recommended the actor .	The senators recommended the actor .	non-entailment
The banker said that the judge called the student .	The judge called the student .	non-entailment
The doctors hoped that the athlete waited .	The athlete waited .	non-entailment
The senators assumed that the author helped the student .	The author helped the student .	non-entailment
The tourist assumed that the scientist danced .	The scientist danced .	non-entailment
The judges said that the doctor supported the actors .	The doctor supported the actors .	non-entailment
The secretary claimed that the authors admired the doctor .	The authors admired the doctor .	non-entailment
The students thought that the professors contacted the lawyer .	The professors contacted the lawyer .	non-entailment
The banker believed that the professors arrived .	The professors arrived .	non-entailment
The student hoped that the judges saw the presidents .	The judges saw the presidents .	non-entailment
The scientist hoped that the lawyer performed .	The lawyer performed .	non-entailment
The presidents claimed that the students helped the doctors .	The students helped the doctors .	non-entailment
The artists claimed that the manager helped the secretary .	The manager helped the secretary .	non-entailment
The lawyers thought that the banker arrived .	The banker arrived .	non-entailment
The doctors said that the scientist shouted .	The scientist shouted .	non-entailment
The athlete assumed that the judges mentioned the actor .	The judges mentioned the actor .	non-entailment
The scientists claimed that the actor resigned .	The actor resigned .	non-entailment
The professors claimed that the secretaries shouted .	The secretaries shouted .	non-entailment
The banker assumed that the professor waited .	The professor waited .	non-entailment
The actor claimed that the managers slept .	The managers slept .	non-entailment
The banker hoped that the tourist stopped the president .	The tourist stopped the president .	non-entailment
The scientists thought that the secretaries called the senators .	The secretaries called the senators .	non-entailment
The student assumed that the actor waited .	The actor waited .	non-entailment
The professors hoped that the scientist performed .	The scientist performed .	non-entailment
The doctor claimed that the students danced .	The students danced .	non-entailment
The doctor believed that the judges arrived .	The judges arrived .	non-entailment
The professor said that the lawyer thanked the authors .	The lawyer thanked the authors .	non-entailment
The presidents believed that the judge saw the professor .	The judge saw the professor .	non-entailment
The actor hoped that the scientist resigned .	The scientist resigned .	non-entailment
The secretaries claimed that the judge supported the professor .	The judge supported the professor .	non-entailment
The professor assumed that the tourists introduced the artist .	The tourists introduced the artist .	non-entailment
The senators assumed that the presidents stopped the athlete .	The presidents stopped the athlete .	non-entailment
The bankers said that the president recognized the lawyers .	The president recognized the lawyers .	non-entailment
The tourist thought that the artists recommended the managers .	The artists recommended the managers .	non-entailment
The tourists assumed that the secretary avoided the bankers .	The secretary avoided the bankers .	non-entailment
The artist assumed that the student shouted .	The student shouted .	non-entailment
The professors thought that the authors arrived .	The authors arrived .	non-entailment
The doctor said that the banker danced .	The banker danced .	non-entailment
The judge claimed that the tourists ran .	The tourists ran .	non-entailment
The artists claimed that the tourists avoided the professors .	The tourists avoided the professors .	non-entailment
The senators hoped that the tourists ran .	The tourists ran .	non-entailment
The scientist claimed that the presidents admired the lawyers .	The presidents admired the lawyers .	non-entailment
The president said that the manager avoided the banker .	The manager avoided the banker .	non-entailment
The senators hoped that the lawyers believed the managers .	The lawyers believed the managers .	non-entailment
The bankers said that the presidents shouted .	The presidents shouted .	non-entailment
The presidents hoped that the bankers admired the judge .	The bankers admired the judge .	non-entailment
The presidents hoped that the doctors performed .	The doctors performed .	non-entailment
The senators claimed that the artists introduced the actors .	The artists introduced the actors .	non-entailment
The scientist thought that the actors ran .	The actors ran .	non-entailment
The manager assumed that the actor believed the doctors .	The actor believed the doctors .	non-entailment
The athlete said that the tourist called the bankers .	The tourist called the bankers .	non-entailment
The manager believed that the doctor supported the athletes .	The doctor supported the athletes .	non-entailment
The secretaries claimed that the doctors arrived .	The doctors arrived .	non-entailment
The tourist claimed that the presidents recommended the managers .	The presidents recommended the managers .	non-entailment
The bankers thought that the scientist supported the secretary .	The scientist supported the secretary .	non-entailment
The athletes thought that the senator avoided the actor .	The senator avoided the actor .	non-entailment
The artists thought that the lawyer performed .	The lawyer performed .	non-entailment
The president said that the students resigned .	The students resigned .	non-entailment
The actors assumed that the lawyer recognized the presidents .	The lawyer recognized the presidents .	non-entailment
The artists claimed that the tourist avoided the students .	The tourist avoided the students .	non-entailment
The secretaries said that the banker supported the senator .	The banker supported the senator .	non-entailment
The manager claimed that the doctor admired the senator .	The doctor admired the senator .	non-entailment
The lawyer claimed that the scientist helped the tourists .	The scientist helped the tourists .	non-entailment
The secretaries thought that the doctor stopped the athletes .	The doctor stopped the athletes .	non-entailment
The tourist believed that the president ran .	The president ran .	non-entailment
The author believed that the president encouraged the student .	The president encouraged the student .	non-entailment
The tourist claimed that the professors recognized the authors .	The professors recognized the authors .	non-entailment
The senators said that the artists stopped the lawyers .	The artists stopped the lawyers .	non-entailment
The senator said that the artist advised the lawyers .	The artist advised the lawyers .	non-entailment
The manager hoped that the lawyer advised the secretary .	The lawyer advised the secretary .	non-entailment
The banker assumed that the students performed .	The students performed .	non-entailment
The bankers believed that the secretary encouraged the artists .	The secretary encouraged the artists .	non-entailment
The actor believed that the lawyers contacted the professor .	The lawyers contacted the professor .	non-entailment
The athletes said that the president avoided the professor .	The president avoided the professor .	non-entailment
The students believed that the doctor avoided the secretary .	The doctor avoided the secretary .	non-entailment
The lawyer claimed that the scientist arrived .	The scientist arrived .	non-entailment
The scientist claimed that the manager resigned .	The manager resigned .	non-entailment
The scientists hoped that the senators helped the actors .	The senators helped the actors .	non-entailment
The students said that the lawyers advised the author .	The lawyers advised the author .	non-entailment
The students claimed that the scientist saw the doctors .	The scientist saw the doctors .	non-entailment
The lawyers hoped that the scientists thanked the senator .	The scientists thanked the senator .	non-entailment
The managers assumed that the students resigned .	The students resigned .	non-entailment
The senators claimed that the artists stopped the athlete .	The artists stopped the athlete .	non-entailment
The judge said that the lawyer performed .	The lawyer performed .	non-entailment
The tourist said that the athlete recognized the secretaries .	The athlete recognized the secretaries .	non-entailment
The scientists claimed that the doctor shouted .	The doctor shouted .	non-entailment
The artists thought that the president recommended the tourists .	The president recommended the tourists .	non-entailment
The author said that the artist recognized the actors .	The artist recognized the actors .	non-entailment
The tourists said that the lawyers mentioned the athlete .	The lawyers mentioned the athlete .	non-entailment
The bankers hoped that the doctors advised the judge .	The doctors advised the judge .	non-entailment
The tourists believed that the authors performed .	The authors performed .	non-entailment
The presidents assumed that the tourist supported the athletes .	The tourist supported the athletes .	non-entailment
The scientist said that the professor danced .	The professor danced .	non-entailment
The lawyers said that the banker called the artists .	The banker called the artists .	non-entailment
The secretaries assumed that the judges introduced the managers .	The judges introduced the managers .	non-entailment
The tourist thought that the athlete slept .	The athlete slept .	non-entailment
The scientists assumed that the doctors shouted .	The doctors shouted .	non-entailment
The bankers assumed that the artist arrived .	The artist arrived .	non-entailment
The secretaries said that the doctor recognized the scientists .	The doctor recognized the scientists .	non-entailment
The artist believed that the students danced .	The students danced .	non-entailment
The secretary hoped that the artists believed the actors .	The artists believed the actors .	non-entailment
The author said that the secretaries saw the bankers .	The secretaries saw the bankers .	non-entailment
The artist believed that the lawyer slept .	The lawyer slept .	non-entailment
The presidents claimed that the scientists advised the bankers .	The scientists advised the bankers .	non-entailment
The actor thought that the judges shouted .	The judges shouted .	non-entailment
The scientist assumed that the manager stopped the doctors .	The manager stopped the doctors .	non-entailment
The secretary claimed that the presidents encouraged the athlete .	The presidents encouraged the athlete .	non-entailment
The president claimed that the artists contacted the lawyers .	The artists contacted the lawyers .	non-entailment
The author believed that the lawyer helped the tourists .	The lawyer helped the tourists .	non-entailment
The managers said that the athletes saw the authors .	The athletes saw the authors .	non-entailment
The artist believed that the judges advised the lawyers .	The judges advised the lawyers .	non-entailment
The presidents thought that the professors resigned .	The professors resigned .	non-entailment
The students assumed that the authors shouted .	The authors shouted .	non-entailment
The student hoped that the secretary admired the judges .	The secretary admired the judges .	non-entailment
The professor claimed that the managers thanked the athletes .	The managers thanked the athletes .	non-entailment
The senator said that the actors thanked the authors .	The actors thanked the authors .	non-entailment
The bankers thought that the senator introduced the president .	The senator introduced the president .	non-entailment
The president said that the senators resigned .	The senators resigned .	non-entailment
The actor assumed that the student encouraged the bankers .	The student encouraged the bankers .	non-entailment
The scientist claimed that the tourist avoided the lawyers .	The tourist avoided the lawyers .	non-entailment
The athletes believed that the secretary resigned .	The secretary resigned .	non-entailment
The tourists assumed that the presidents slept .	The presidents slept .	non-entailment
The athlete claimed that the scientists shouted .	The scientists shouted .	non-entailment
The student believed that the athletes danced .	The athletes danced .	non-entailment
The secretary believed that the tourist recognized the professor .	The tourist recognized the professor .	non-entailment
The professors assumed that the students encouraged the actors .	The students encouraged the actors .	non-entailment
The banker assumed that the manager mentioned the tourists .	The manager mentioned the tourists .	non-entailment
The manager hoped that the actors saw the professors .	The actors saw the professors .	non-entailment
The student hoped that the managers avoided the secretaries .	The managers avoided the secretaries .	non-entailment
The scientists assumed that the presidents ran .	The presidents ran .	non-entailment
The authors hoped that the athlete contacted the president .	The athlete contacted the president .	non-entailment
The presidents believed that the secretaries stopped the authors .	The secretaries stopped the authors .	non-entailment
The scientist assumed that the artists supported the actors .	The artists supported the actors .	non-entailment
The professors assumed that the judge arrived .	The judge arrived .	non-entailment
The presidents believed that the manager advised the lawyers .	The manager advised the lawyers .	non-entailment
The judges thought that the athletes advised the students .	The athletes advised the students .	non-entailment
The senators thought that the athlete supported the manager .	The athlete supported the manager .	non-entailment
The scientists believed that the bankers saw the doctors .	The bankers saw the doctors .	non-entailment
The student said that the actor recommended the athlete .	The actor recommended the athlete .	non-entailment
The managers believed that the actor danced .	The actor danced .	non-entailment
The scientists assumed that the bankers believed the senator .	The bankers believed the senator .	non-entailment
The managers claimed that the scientists mentioned the lawyers .	The scientists mentioned the lawyers .	non-entailment
The judges thought that the secretary danced .	The secretary danced .	non-entailment
The athlete said that the secretaries ran .	The secretaries ran .	non-entailment
The scientist said that the lawyers shouted .	The lawyers shouted .	non-entailment
The tourists said that the actor believed the judge .	The actor believed the judge .	non-entailment
The professor thought that the lawyers stopped the secretary .	The lawyers stopped the secretary .	non-entailment
The athletes claimed that the tourist danced .	The tourist danced .	non-entailment
The professor claimed that the scientist waited .	The scientist waited .	non-entailment
The judges assumed that the bankers introduced the senator .	The bankers introduced the senator .	non-entailment
The scientists believed that the senators performed .	The senators performed .	non-entailment
The artist hoped that the managers introduced the authors .	The managers introduced the authors .	non-entailment
The authors thought that the lawyer introduced the managers .	The lawyer introduced the managers .	non-entailment
The tourist said that the professor danced .	The professor danced .	non-entailment
The banker believed that the artists slept .	The artists slept .	non-entailment
The author claimed that the actors saw the presidents .	The actors saw the presidents .	non-entailment
The author assumed that the bankers performed .	The bankers performed .	non-entailment
The judges said that the athlete performed .	The athlete performed .	non-entailment
The lawyers hoped that the managers stopped the bankers .	The managers stopped the bankers .	non-entailment
The tourist thought that the authors advised the doctors .	The authors advised the doctors .	non-entailment
The actor believed that the professor admired the doctors .	The professor admired the doctors .	non-entailment
The presidents hoped that the athlete contacted the lawyer .	The athlete contacted the lawyer .	non-entailment
The managers hoped that the doctor avoided the senators .	The doctor avoided the senators .	non-entailment
The doctors said that the secretary encouraged the tourist .	The secretary encouraged the tourist .	non-entailment
The artists said that the secretary contacted the doctor .	The secretary contacted the doctor .	non-entailment
The scientist assumed that the judges encouraged the doctor .	The judges encouraged the doctor .	non-entailment
The manager believed that the presidents saw the senators .	The presidents saw the senators .	non-entailment
The scientists said that the actor called the author .	The actor called the author .	non-entailment
The tourists assumed that the presidents mentioned the bankers .	The presidents mentioned the bankers .	non-entailment
The president hoped that the student saw the senator .	The student saw the senator .	non-entailment
The author assumed that the secretary resigned .	The secretary resigned .	non-entailment
The secretary thought that the actor thanked the banker .	The actor thanked the banker .	non-entailment
The athlete believed that the banker arrived .	The banker arrived .	non-entailment
The author hoped that the athlete thanked the banker .	The athlete thanked the banker .	non-entailment
The bankers said that the student stopped the presidents .	The student stopped the presidents .	non-entailment
The artists hoped that the bankers avoided the senator .	The bankers avoided the senator .	non-entailment
The athletes hoped that the judge avoided the student .	The judge avoided the student .	non-entailment
The secretaries assumed that the scientists admired the managers .	The scientists admired the managers .	non-entailment
The students hoped that the athletes stopped the president .	The athletes stopped the president .	non-entailment
The tourists believed that the presidents mentioned the secretaries .	The presidents mentioned the secretaries .	non-entailment
The bankers claimed that the author contacted the tourist .	The author contacted the tourist .	non-entailment
The scientist said that the actors waited .	The actors waited .	non-entailment
The lawyer assumed that the secretaries resigned .	The secretaries resigned .	non-entailment
The manager said that the author thanked the scientists .	The author thanked the scientists .	non-entailment
The lawyers said that the tourists slept .	The tourists slept .	non-entailment
The judge hoped that the student recommended the senator .	The student recommended the senator .	non-entailment
The bankers assumed that the presidents admired the judges .	The presidents admired the judges .	non-entailment
The president said that the doctors introduced the actors .	The doctors introduced the actors .	non-entailment
The senator claimed that the tourists slept .	The tourists slept .	non-entailment
The scientist thought that the professors saw the actors .	The professors saw the actors .	non-entailment
The lawyer hoped that the judges resigned .	The judges resigned .	non-entailment
The student thought that the tourists shouted .	The tourists shouted .	non-entailment
The president thought that the scientist recognized the author .	The scientist recognized the author .	non-entailment
The artist hoped that the judges performed .	The judges performed .	non-entailment
The president said that the actor danced .	The actor danced .	non-entailment
The judges claimed that the doctor arrived .	The doctor arrived .	non-entailment
The author assumed that the artists saw the actors .	The artists saw the actors .	non-entailment
The actors said that the professors encouraged the scientist .	The professors encouraged the scientist .	non-entailment
The professors believed that the secretary helped the doctors .	The secretary helped the doctors .	non-entailment
The lawyer assumed that the artists stopped the author .	The artists stopped the author .	non-entailment
The scientists claimed that the artists saw the senator .	The artists saw the senator .	non-entailment
The scientists thought that the doctors supported the athletes .	The doctors supported the athletes .	non-entailment
The senators assumed that the judges danced .	The judges danced .	non-entailment
The manager hoped that the artists resigned .	The artists resigned .	non-entailment
The tourists said that the doctors admired the bankers .	The doctors admired the bankers .	non-entailment
The professor said that the judges helped the authors .	The judges helped the authors .	non-entailment
The athlete hoped that the judge believed the banker .	The judge believed the banker .	non-entailment
The authors said that the secretaries contacted the scientist .	The secretaries contacted the scientist .	non-entailment
The managers believed that the tourists encouraged the senator .	The tourists encouraged the senator .	non-entailment
The actors hoped that the president saw the author .	The president saw the author .	non-entailment
The judge claimed that the presidents resigned .	The presidents resigned .	non-entailment
The senator claimed that the lawyer avoided the managers .	The lawyer avoided the managers .	non-entailment
The secretaries hoped that the artists performed .	The artists performed .	non-entailment
The doctor thought that the authors helped the professor .	The authors helped the professor .	non-entailment
The students believed that the professor shouted .	The professor shouted .	non-entailment
The scientists assumed that the actor avoided the judges .	The actor avoided the judges .	non-entailment
The president thought that the lawyer mentioned the doctor .	The lawyer mentioned the doctor .	non-entailment
The doctors said that the tourists mentioned the lawyer .	The tourists mentioned the lawyer .	non-entailment
The lawyers believed that the tourist performed .	The tourist performed .	non-entailment
The professor believed that the tourist danced .	The tourist danced .	non-entailment
The tourist hoped that the artists introduced the athletes .	The artists introduced the athletes .	non-entailment
The doctors said that the student mentioned the athletes .	The student mentioned the athletes .	non-entailment
The doctor believed that the professors encouraged the manager .	The professors encouraged the manager .	non-entailment
The doctors assumed that the judges avoided the senator .	The judges avoided the senator .	non-entailment
The judges believed that the scientists saw the senator .	The scientists saw the senator .	non-entailment
The tourists claimed that the manager called the bankers .	The manager called the bankers .	non-entailment
The athletes said that the author recommended the professors .	The author recommended the professors .	non-entailment
The presidents claimed that the students believed the bankers .	The students believed the bankers .	non-entailment
The judge claimed that the actors slept .	The actors slept .	non-entailment
The athlete claimed that the artists helped the senators .	The artists helped the senators .	non-entailment
The artist said that the athletes saw the president .	The athletes saw the president .	non-entailment
The doctors said that the scientist admired the student .	The scientist admired the student .	non-entailment
The bankers claimed that the judge stopped the authors .	The judge stopped the authors .	non-entailment
The author hoped that the judge helped the president .	The judge helped the president .	non-entailment
The managers thought that the professors arrived .	The professors arrived .	non-entailment
The tourist thought that the bankers danced .	The bankers danced .	non-entailment
The secretaries hoped that the actors encouraged the banker .	The actors encouraged the banker .	non-entailment
The athlete claimed that the scientist supported the banker .	The scientist supported the banker .	non-entailment
The author believed that the doctor recognized the senators .	The doctor recognized the senators .	non-entailment
The senator claimed that the athlete shouted .	The athlete shouted .	non-entailment
The tourist hoped that the secretary waited .	The secretary waited .	non-entailment
The managers claimed that the actors called the lawyer .	The actors called the lawyer .	non-entailment
The professors assumed that the tourist recommended the bankers .	The tourist recommended the bankers .	non-entailment
The student hoped that the senator stopped the judge .	The senator stopped the judge .	non-entailment
The scientist thought that the banker danced .	The banker danced .	non-entailment
The student believed that the manager supported the athletes .	The manager supported the athletes .	non-entailment
The lawyers thought that the president advised the authors .	The president advised the authors .	non-entailment
The author claimed that the professors shouted .	The professors shouted .	non-entailment
The president said that the secretaries waited .	The secretaries waited .	non-entailment
The scientists claimed that the professors slept .	The professors slept .	non-entailment
The secretary believed that the judge stopped the athletes .	The judge stopped the athletes .	non-entailment
The actors assumed that the students recommended the banker .	The students recommended the banker .	non-entailment
The senator hoped that the authors arrived .	The authors arrived .	non-entailment
The athlete hoped that the scientists encouraged the tourists .	The scientists encouraged the tourists .	non-entailment
The judges believed that the tourists arrived .	The tourists arrived .	non-entailment
The author said that the artist performed .	The artist performed .	non-entailment
The artist claimed that the tourists saw the judge .	The tourists saw the judge .	non-entailment
The secretaries claimed that the judge recommended the professor .	The judge recommended the professor .	non-entailment
The athlete claimed that the banker stopped the judges .	The banker stopped the judges .	non-entailment
The judges said that the tourists thanked the bankers .	The tourists thanked the bankers .	non-entailment
The artist thought that the banker contacted the secretary .	The banker contacted the secretary .	non-entailment
The senator thought that the doctor thanked the author .	The doctor thanked the author .	non-entailment
The senator said that the lawyers resigned .	The lawyers resigned .	non-entailment
The actors believed that the president resigned .	The president resigned .	non-entailment
The judges said that the presidents arrived .	The presidents arrived .	non-entailment
The author believed that the artists slept .	The artists slept .	non-entailment
The artist assumed that the judges supported the doctors .	The judges supported the doctors .	non-entailment
The author said that the doctors believed the scientists .	The doctors believed the scientists .	non-entailment
The lawyers believed that the scientist called the artist .	The scientist called the artist .	non-entailment
The professors hoped that the tourists called the bankers .	The tourists called the bankers .	non-entailment
The artists thought that the secretaries called the lawyer .	The secretaries called the lawyer .	non-entailment
The authors believed that the judges danced .	The judges danced .	non-entailment
The professors thought that the judge performed .	The judge performed .	non-entailment
The senator claimed that the students thanked the banker .	The students thanked the banker .	non-entailment
The scientists claimed that the professor recognized the students .	The professor recognized the students .	non-entailment
The senators claimed that the doctors mentioned the judges .	The doctors mentioned the judges .	non-entailment
The doctor said that the actors saw the bankers .	The actors saw the bankers .	non-entailment
The judge thought that the athletes arrived .	The athletes arrived .	non-entailment
The student claimed that the tourists helped the senators .	The tourists helped the senators .	non-entailment
The athletes hoped that the artists arrived .	The artists arrived .	non-entailment
The judges hoped that the secretaries waited .	The secretaries waited .	non-entailment
The banker assumed that the artists danced .	The artists danced .	non-entailment
The doctors said that the managers recommended the actors .	The managers recommended the actors .	non-entailment
The doctors thought that the judges called the scientist .	The judges called the scientist .	non-entailment
The scientists said that the judge resigned .	The judge resigned .	non-entailment
The president assumed that the senator resigned .	The senator resigned .	non-entailment
The presidents believed that the author advised the manager .	The author advised the manager .	non-entailment
The authors believed that the banker encouraged the scientist .	The banker encouraged the scientist .	non-entailment
The doctor assumed that the students recognized the president .	The students recognized the president .	non-entailment
The tourist said that the students ran .	The students ran .	non-entailment
The scientist hoped that the banker supported the professors .	The banker supported the professors .	non-entailment
The scientists hoped that the artists stopped the secretaries .	The artists stopped the secretaries .	non-entailment
The scientist claimed that the president thanked the senators .	The president thanked the senators .	non-entailment
The actors said that the students supported the judge .	The students supported the judge .	non-entailment
The banker hoped that the presidents slept .	The presidents slept .	non-entailment
The managers claimed that the senator performed .	The senator performed .	non-entailment
The judges thought that the tourist arrived .	The tourist arrived .	non-entailment
The athletes said that the scientist danced .	The scientist danced .	non-entailment
The doctors hoped that the bankers admired the judge .	The bankers admired the judge .	non-entailment
The presidents hoped that the authors contacted the judges .	The authors contacted the judges .	non-entailment
The tourists thought that the bankers arrived .	The bankers arrived .	non-entailment
The senator assumed that the judges waited .	The judges waited .	non-entailment
The judges claimed that the artists contacted the secretaries .	The artists contacted the secretaries .	non-entailment
The student believed that the scientists supported the actors .	The scientists supported the actors .	non-entailment
The banker claimed that the tourists introduced the manager .	The tourists introduced the manager .	non-entailment
The banker hoped that the tourists recommended the judge .	The tourists recommended the judge .	non-entailment
The student believed that the secretary waited .	The secretary waited .	non-entailment
The student believed that the artists ran .	The artists ran .	non-entailment
The tourists hoped that the presidents stopped the students .	The presidents stopped the students .	non-entailment
The scientist thought that the tourist thanked the author .	The tourist thanked the author .	non-entailment
The actor said that the athletes arrived .	The athletes arrived .	non-entailment
The actor believed that the artist supported the lawyer .	The artist supported the lawyer .	non-entailment
The authors hoped that the artist introduced the actors .	The artist introduced the actors .	non-entailment
The judges believed that the lawyers ran .	The lawyers ran .	non-entailment
The author thought that the students slept .	The students slept .	non-entailment
The student thought that the managers waited .	The managers waited .	non-entailment
The managers believed that the students saw the tourists .	The students saw the tourists .	non-entailment
The professor claimed that the tourist introduced the judge .	The tourist introduced the judge .	non-entailment
The judges thought that the tourist performed .	The tourist performed .	non-entailment
The author hoped that the student admired the tourist .	The student admired the tourist .	non-entailment
The athletes claimed that the bankers believed the student .	The bankers believed the student .	non-entailment
The secretary thought that the artists called the authors .	The artists called the authors .	non-entailment
The student believed that the senator slept .	The senator slept .	non-entailment
The judge assumed that the manager encouraged the tourists .	The manager encouraged the tourists .	non-entailment
The athlete said that the student shouted .	The student shouted .	non-entailment
The tourists believed that the professors resigned .	The professors resigned .	non-entailment
The president assumed that the lawyers believed the athlete .	The lawyers believed the athlete .	non-entailment
The artist thought that the managers saw the lawyers .	The managers saw the lawyers .	non-entailment
The actors hoped that the scientists waited .	The scientists waited .	non-entailment
The professor thought that the secretary encouraged the tourist .	The secretary encouraged the tourist .	non-entailment
The artists believed that the scientists admired the athlete .	The scientists admired the athlete .	non-entailment
The banker believed that the actors danced .	The actors danced .	non-entailment
The manager believed that the secretaries helped the professor .	The secretaries helped the professor .	non-entailment
The tourist assumed that the students believed the presidents .	The students believed the presidents .	non-entailment
The banker thought that the scientists danced .	The scientists danced .	non-entailment
The secretaries assumed that the tourists saw the presidents .	The tourists saw the presidents .	non-entailment
The senator claimed that the athlete recommended the judges .	The athlete recommended the judges .	non-entailment
The doctors claimed that the senator shouted .	The senator shouted .	non-entailment
The banker said that the scientist helped the lawyer .	The scientist helped the lawyer .	non-entailment
The athletes assumed that the secretaries avoided the scientist .	The secretaries avoided the scientist .	non-entailment
The lawyer hoped that the manager called the banker .	The manager called the banker .	non-entailment
The banker said that the doctors stopped the senator .	The doctors stopped the senator .	non-entailment
The students said that the lawyers slept .	The lawyers slept .	non-entailment
The judges assumed that the lawyer supported the bankers .	The lawyer supported the bankers .	non-entailment
The authors hoped that the lawyer believed the students .	The lawyer believed the students .	non-entailment
The president hoped that the secretary recognized the judge .	The secretary recognized the judge .	non-entailment
The judges hoped that the senators stopped the actor .	The senators stopped the actor .	non-entailment
The secretary hoped that the scientists slept .	The scientists slept .	non-entailment
The tourist said that the students advised the lawyers .	The students advised the lawyers .	non-entailment
The president thought that the scientists recommended the senator .	The scientists recommended the senator .	non-entailment
The lawyer believed that the tourist contacted the scientists .	The tourist contacted the scientists .	non-entailment
The professors said that the lawyers waited .	The lawyers waited .	non-entailment
The student thought that the senators believed the doctors .	The senators believed the doctors .	non-entailment
The actor believed that the senator performed .	The senator performed .	non-entailment
The judges said that the professors slept .	The professors slept .	non-entailment
"The actor recommended the lawyers , or the managers stopped the author ."	The actor recommended the lawyers .	non-entailment
"The student mentioned the artist , or the athletes helped the judges ."	The athletes helped the judges .	non-entailment
"The senator admired the authors , or the tourists avoided the student ."	The tourists avoided the student .	non-entailment
"The tourists avoided the doctors , or the scientist resigned ."	The tourists avoided the doctors .	non-entailment
"The judges resigned , or the student saw the tourist ."	The judges resigned .	non-entailment
"The bankers helped the president , or the athletes arrived ."	The athletes arrived .	non-entailment
"The banker arrived , or the scientists mentioned the tourists ."	The scientists mentioned the tourists .	non-entailment
"The doctors advised the senator , or the tourist arrived ."	The doctors advised the senator .	non-entailment
"The scientist supported the secretaries , or the athletes recommended the professors ."	The scientist supported the secretaries .	non-entailment
"The judge believed the author , or the lawyer avoided the doctor ."	The lawyer avoided the doctor .	non-entailment
"The judges resigned , or the athletes mentioned the author ."	The judges resigned .	non-entailment
"The student waited , or the doctors advised the actor ."	The doctors advised the actor .	non-entailment
"The lawyers performed , or the actor resigned ."	The lawyers performed .	non-entailment
"The professor waited , or the scientists contacted the bankers ."	The professor waited .	non-entailment
"The banker saw the presidents , or the secretary arrived ."	The banker saw the presidents .	non-entailment
"The presidents shouted , or the scientist saw the doctor ."	The scientist saw the doctor .	non-entailment
"The student avoided the secretaries , or the judges admired the tourist ."	The judges admired the tourist .	non-entailment
"The secretary performed , or the president arrived ."	The secretary performed .	non-entailment
"The president avoided the managers , or the doctors believed the scientists ."	The doctors believed the scientists .	non-entailment
"The scientist performed , or the tourists recognized the athlete ."	The scientist performed .	non-entailment
"The doctors danced , or the judges waited ."	The judges waited .	non-entailment
"The president called the actor , or the senators mentioned the athlete ."	The president called the actor .	non-entailment
"The judge believed the banker , or the authors shouted ."	The authors shouted .	non-entailment
"The athletes advised the lawyer , or the secretaries supported the president ."	The athletes advised the lawyer .	non-entailment
"The author danced , or the secretary introduced the athlete ."	The author danced .	non-entailment
"The secretaries advised the actors , or the athletes performed ."	The secretaries advised the actors .	non-entailment
"The actor called the author , or the tourists danced ."	The tourists danced .	non-entailment
"The managers resigned , or the artist introduced the author ."	The artist introduced the author .	non-entailment
"The secretary slept , or the actors encouraged the manager ."	The secretary slept .	non-entailment
"The athlete helped the secretary , or the judge saw the presidents ."	The athlete helped the secretary .	non-entailment
"The presidents waited , or the actors recommended the judge ."	The presidents waited .	non-entailment
"The artist introduced the professor , or the lawyers performed ."	The artist introduced the professor .	non-entailment
"The secretaries encouraged the athletes , or the lawyers thanked the artists ."	The secretaries encouraged the athletes .	non-entailment
"The athletes resigned , or the scientist slept ."	The scientist slept .	non-entailment
"The lawyer recognized the managers , or the author admired the athletes ."	The lawyer recognized the managers .	non-entailment
"The presidents supported the lawyer , or the scientist mentioned the doctors ."	The scientist mentioned the doctors .	non-entailment
"The artists supported the actors , or the senator resigned ."	The senator resigned .	non-entailment
"The actors shouted , or the presidents stopped the professor ."	The presidents stopped the professor .	non-entailment
"The artist stopped the scientists , or the professor contacted the doctor ."	The professor contacted the doctor .	non-entailment
"The professors performed , or the doctors resigned ."	The professors performed .	non-entailment
"The scientists encouraged the athlete , or the senators resigned ."	The scientists encouraged the athlete .	non-entailment
"The professor contacted the judge , or the presidents performed ."	The professor contacted the judge .	non-entailment
"The scientist stopped the senator , or the tourist performed ."	The tourist performed .	non-entailment
"The senator called the judge , or the artist saw the bankers ."	The artist saw the bankers .	non-entailment
"The presidents supported the doctor , or the lawyers helped the managers ."	The lawyers helped the managers .	non-entailment
"The athlete saw the secretaries , or the senators ran ."	The athlete saw the secretaries .	non-entailment
"The senator stopped the judges , or the student recommended the authors ."	The senator stopped the judges .	non-entailment
"The artist resigned , or the doctor recognized the scientists ."	The artist resigned .	non-entailment
"The judges avoided the senators , or the doctor danced ."	The judges avoided the senators .	non-entailment
"The authors introduced the senator , or the secretary waited ."	The authors introduced the senator .	non-entailment
"The athletes called the students , or the president mentioned the senators ."	The president mentioned the senators .	non-entailment
"The judges ran , or the banker believed the authors ."	The banker believed the authors .	non-entailment
"The professor saw the judges , or the doctor avoided the managers ."	The doctor avoided the managers .	non-entailment
"The lawyers called the manager , or the bankers ran ."	The lawyers called the manager .	non-entailment
"The student contacted the professors , or the athlete ran ."	The athlete ran .	non-entailment
"The authors performed , or the scientists resigned ."	The scientists resigned .	non-entailment
"The scientists resigned , or the manager thanked the student ."	The scientists resigned .	non-entailment
"The president helped the manager , or the tourist shouted ."	The president helped the manager .	non-entailment
"The secretaries stopped the judges , or the tourist contacted the author ."	The secretaries stopped the judges .	non-entailment
"The athletes stopped the senator , or the professors encouraged the tourists ."	The professors encouraged the tourists .	non-entailment
"The artists introduced the managers , or the banker saw the senators ."	The banker saw the senators .	non-entailment
"The presidents called the actor , or the scientists helped the artist ."	The presidents called the actor .	non-entailment
"The students introduced the scientist , or the actors helped the athlete ."	The students introduced the scientist .	non-entailment
"The scientists introduced the professors , or the actor slept ."	The actor slept .	non-entailment
"The senator saw the presidents , or the lawyers avoided the artist ."	The lawyers avoided the artist .	non-entailment
"The student recommended the judges , or the actor saw the professor ."	The actor saw the professor .	non-entailment
"The athlete stopped the professors , or the author admired the judges ."	The author admired the judges .	non-entailment
"The judge believed the artist , or the bankers arrived ."	The bankers arrived .	non-entailment
"The athlete performed , or the scientists slept ."	The scientists slept .	non-entailment
"The presidents contacted the tourist , or the author called the doctors ."	The author called the doctors .	non-entailment
"The president avoided the athlete , or the author saw the scientists ."	The president avoided the athlete .	non-entailment
"The scientist arrived , or the judge believed the tourist ."	The scientist arrived .	non-entailment
"The students recognized the professor , or the scientist admired the judges ."	The scientist admired the judges .	non-entailment
"The student ran , or the tourist called the scientist ."	The tourist called the scientist .	non-entailment
"The authors believed the actors , or the banker thanked the secretaries ."	The authors believed the actors .	non-entailment
"The professor thanked the banker , or the author recognized the secretary ."	The professor thanked the banker .	non-entailment
"The student waited , or the managers admired the artists ."	The student waited .	non-entailment
"The actors introduced the banker , or the secretaries encouraged the scientists ."	The secretaries encouraged the scientists .	non-entailment
"The students called the banker , or the manager resigned ."	The manager resigned .	non-entailment
"The presidents avoided the judges , or the tourist shouted ."	The tourist shouted .	non-entailment
"The doctor admired the lawyers , or the artist introduced the manager ."	The doctor admired the lawyers .	non-entailment
"The manager slept , or the senators called the lawyers ."	The manager slept .	non-entailment
"The actors waited , or the professors ran ."	The professors ran .	non-entailment
"The student saw the authors , or the senator performed ."	The student saw the authors .	non-entailment
"The professor encouraged the senators , or the judge called the scientist ."	The judge called the scientist .	non-entailment
"The presidents shouted , or the doctor slept ."	The doctor slept .	non-entailment
"The artist recognized the secretaries , or the scientists saw the author ."	The artist recognized the secretaries .	non-entailment
"The scientist encouraged the presidents , or the professor performed ."	The scientist encouraged the presidents .	non-entailment
"The students resigned , or the tourists advised the author ."	The students resigned .	non-entailment
"The actor advised the athletes , or the authors slept ."	The authors slept .	non-entailment
"The lawyers introduced the managers , or the judge admired the artists ."	The judge admired the artists .	non-entailment
"The student arrived , or the managers shouted ."	The student arrived .	non-entailment
"The scientist performed , or the doctor saw the bankers ."	The doctor saw the bankers .	non-entailment
"The scientists supported the secretaries , or the artist ran ."	The artist ran .	non-entailment
"The banker supported the manager , or the judges contacted the tourist ."	The banker supported the manager .	non-entailment
"The doctor believed the secretary , or the author contacted the lawyers ."	The author contacted the lawyers .	non-entailment
"The scientist shouted , or the doctor believed the athletes ."	The doctor believed the athletes .	non-entailment
"The senator believed the tourists , or the secretaries mentioned the managers ."	The secretaries mentioned the managers .	non-entailment
"The tourists introduced the artist , or the senators slept ."	The tourists introduced the artist .	non-entailment
"The secretaries ran , or the athletes saw the author ."	The athletes saw the author .	non-entailment
"The senators waited , or the athletes recommended the scientist ."	The senators waited .	non-entailment
"The tourists thanked the athletes , or the secretaries introduced the doctors ."	The tourists thanked the athletes .	non-entailment
"The professor admired the artist , or the athletes stopped the author ."	The athletes stopped the author .	non-entailment
"The secretary introduced the scientists , or the tourists saw the banker ."	The tourists saw the banker .	non-entailment
"The professors recommended the actor , or the banker helped the artist ."	The banker helped the artist .	non-entailment
"The student admired the lawyer , or the athletes shouted ."	The student admired the lawyer .	non-entailment
"The professors waited , or the banker encouraged the scientists ."	The professors waited .	non-entailment
"The athletes believed the lawyer , or the students recognized the artist ."	The athletes believed the lawyer .	non-entailment
"The tourist danced , or the athletes waited ."	The athletes waited .	non-entailment
"The athletes recognized the tourist , or the senator encouraged the bankers ."	The senator encouraged the bankers .	non-entailment
"The scientists believed the authors , or the managers advised the banker ."	The managers advised the banker .	non-entailment
"The students recognized the actors , or the manager waited ."	The students recognized the actors .	non-entailment
"The doctors saw the athletes , or the banker helped the author ."	The banker helped the author .	non-entailment
"The athlete contacted the professor , or the doctor recommended the secretaries ."	The athlete contacted the professor .	non-entailment
"The bankers recognized the student , or the secretary arrived ."	The bankers recognized the student .	non-entailment
"The artist stopped the president , or the actor avoided the doctor ."	The artist stopped the president .	non-entailment
"The judge waited , or the tourist performed ."	The judge waited .	non-entailment
"The senators performed , or the secretary slept ."	The secretary slept .	non-entailment
"The professors danced , or the senator called the athletes ."	The senator called the athletes .	non-entailment
"The manager avoided the scientist , or the artist recommended the actor ."	The manager avoided the scientist .	non-entailment
"The actor recommended the professors , or the authors saw the scientists ."	The actor recommended the professors .	non-entailment
"The lawyer shouted , or the athletes ran ."	The athletes ran .	non-entailment
"The president believed the senator , or the managers saw the secretaries ."	The managers saw the secretaries .	non-entailment
"The scientists contacted the lawyer , or the author arrived ."	The scientists contacted the lawyer .	non-entailment
"The professors avoided the bankers , or the senators recognized the lawyer ."	The professors avoided the bankers .	non-entailment
"The judge danced , or the professor shouted ."	The professor shouted .	non-entailment
"The scientist supported the president , or the judge admired the lawyer ."	The judge admired the lawyer .	non-entailment
"The tourists avoided the doctor , or the judge introduced the manager ."	The judge introduced the manager .	non-entailment
"The doctor encouraged the athletes , or the judges resigned ."	The judges resigned .	non-entailment
"The artists admired the author , or the judge advised the secretaries ."	The artists admired the author .	non-entailment
"The doctor introduced the manager , or the scientist advised the lawyer ."	The scientist advised the lawyer .	non-entailment
"The authors performed , or the scientist recognized the bankers ."	The authors performed .	non-entailment
"The judge admired the authors , or the actors shouted ."	The actors shouted .	non-entailment
"The doctors supported the secretaries , or the judges danced ."	The doctors supported the secretaries .	non-entailment
"The actors thanked the scientist , or the professor contacted the student ."	The actors thanked the scientist .	non-entailment
"The scientists arrived , or the senator admired the secretary ."	The scientists arrived .	non-entailment
"The doctors mentioned the professor , or the actor recognized the scientist ."	The actor recognized the scientist .	non-entailment
"The senator encouraged the secretaries , or the athletes mentioned the lawyer ."	The athletes mentioned the lawyer .	non-entailment
"The professor resigned , or the senators helped the bankers ."	The professor resigned .	non-entailment
"The banker stopped the senator , or the professors thanked the secretaries ."	The banker stopped the senator .	non-entailment
"The manager advised the tourists , or the professor waited ."	The manager advised the tourists .	non-entailment
"The manager danced , or the scientist avoided the bankers ."	The scientist avoided the bankers .	non-entailment
"The doctors saw the athletes , or the secretary encouraged the manager ."	The secretary encouraged the manager .	non-entailment
"The president supported the senators , or the scientist slept ."	The president supported the senators .	non-entailment
"The president waited , or the students shouted ."	The students shouted .	non-entailment
"The student mentioned the artists , or the presidents introduced the actors ."	The student mentioned the artists .	non-entailment
"The president saw the professor , or the author ran ."	The author ran .	non-entailment
"The senator encouraged the judge , or the doctor ran ."	The senator encouraged the judge .	non-entailment
"The scientists believed the authors , or the senators advised the actor ."	The senators advised the actor .	non-entailment
"The doctor thanked the banker , or the scientists contacted the author ."	The scientists contacted the author .	non-entailment
"The athletes believed the president , or the professor admired the senators ."	The professor admired the senators .	non-entailment
"The artist recommended the presidents , or the scientist called the doctors ."	The artist recommended the presidents .	non-entailment
"The professors slept , or the senator waited ."	The senator waited .	non-entailment
"The tourist supported the bankers , or the manager waited ."	The tourist supported the bankers .	non-entailment
"The athlete called the lawyer , or the judge supported the secretary ."	The judge supported the secretary .	non-entailment
"The lawyer encouraged the presidents , or the students arrived ."	The students arrived .	non-entailment
"The manager helped the artist , or the authors arrived ."	The authors arrived .	non-entailment
"The doctors avoided the actors , or the secretary believed the scientists ."	The secretary believed the scientists .	non-entailment
"The students advised the professor , or the secretaries waited ."	The students advised the professor .	non-entailment
"The manager thanked the bankers , or the author ran ."	The author ran .	non-entailment
"The manager stopped the scientist , or the athlete thanked the tourists ."	The manager stopped the scientist .	non-entailment
"The athletes avoided the authors , or the senators encouraged the presidents ."	The athletes avoided the authors .	non-entailment
"The student arrived , or the tourists stopped the presidents ."	The student arrived .	non-entailment
"The actor danced , or the judge supported the managers ."	The judge supported the managers .	non-entailment
"The secretary saw the professor , or the tourist arrived ."	The secretary saw the professor .	non-entailment
"The senator resigned , or the lawyers saw the author ."	The lawyers saw the author .	non-entailment
"The scientists stopped the professors , or the student recommended the artists ."	The scientists stopped the professors .	non-entailment
"The tourists advised the professors , or the senator saw the authors ."	The senator saw the authors .	non-entailment
"The scientists danced , or the professors performed ."	The scientists danced .	non-entailment
"The secretary helped the bankers , or the authors encouraged the actors ."	The authors encouraged the actors .	non-entailment
"The artists recognized the student , or the presidents mentioned the banker ."	The presidents mentioned the banker .	non-entailment
"The athlete helped the doctors , or the banker performed ."	The banker performed .	non-entailment
"The senators believed the actor , or the lawyers arrived ."	The lawyers arrived .	non-entailment
"The lawyer recognized the doctors , or the secretary avoided the judges ."	The lawyer recognized the doctors .	non-entailment
"The actor resigned , or the author supported the athletes ."	The actor resigned .	non-entailment
"The artists performed , or the lawyers recognized the banker ."	The lawyers recognized the banker .	non-entailment
"The athletes slept , or the authors helped the secretaries ."	The authors helped the secretaries .	non-entailment
"The actors waited , or the judges shouted ."	The actors waited .	non-entailment
"The scientists arrived , or the senators called the artist ."	The senators called the artist .	non-entailment
"The president avoided the lawyers , or the tourists recommended the athletes ."	The tourists recommended the athletes .	non-entailment
"The actor stopped the presidents , or the scientists mentioned the student ."	The actor stopped the presidents .	non-entailment
"The manager stopped the athlete , or the lawyer resigned ."	The lawyer resigned .	non-entailment
"The scientist slept , or the lawyer thanked the professors ."	The scientist slept .	non-entailment
"The secretary thanked the professor , or the students avoided the judges ."	The secretary thanked the professor .	non-entailment
"The doctor waited , or the presidents called the judge ."	The presidents called the judge .	non-entailment
"The scientists slept , or the student called the doctors ."	The scientists slept .	non-entailment
"The senator called the athlete , or the scientists saw the manager ."	The senator called the athlete .	non-entailment
"The lawyers avoided the presidents , or the senators waited ."	The senators waited .	non-entailment
"The doctor recommended the student , or the professors slept ."	The doctor recommended the student .	non-entailment
"The president arrived , or the secretaries saw the athletes ."	The president arrived .	non-entailment
"The professors saw the artist , or the doctor encouraged the presidents ."	The doctor encouraged the presidents .	non-entailment
"The actors mentioned the lawyer , or the tourist advised the secretary ."	The actors mentioned the lawyer .	non-entailment
"The scientist recommended the athlete , or the artists supported the professor ."	The scientist recommended the athlete .	non-entailment
"The scientists waited , or the bankers performed ."	The bankers performed .	non-entailment
"The students advised the scientists , or the artists contacted the doctors ."	The artists contacted the doctors .	non-entailment
"The doctor ran , or the presidents called the professors ."	The doctor ran .	non-entailment
"The students advised the judge , or the professors called the senator ."	The professors called the senator .	non-entailment
"The senator mentioned the student , or the manager danced ."	The senator mentioned the student .	non-entailment
"The president danced , or the athlete shouted ."	The president danced .	non-entailment
"The senator performed , or the banker admired the artists ."	The senator performed .	non-entailment
"The lawyer contacted the actors , or the scientists stopped the banker ."	The scientists stopped the banker .	non-entailment
"The president mentioned the banker , or the doctors introduced the senators ."	The doctors introduced the senators .	non-entailment
"The professor thanked the judges , or the actor ran ."	The actor ran .	non-entailment
"The scientist stopped the doctors , or the professor shouted ."	The scientist stopped the doctors .	non-entailment
"The scientists arrived , or the banker admired the artist ."	The scientists arrived .	non-entailment
"The scientist admired the athletes , or the bankers saw the judges ."	The bankers saw the judges .	non-entailment
"The tourists supported the doctors , or the judges stopped the senators ."	The judges stopped the senators .	non-entailment
"The lawyers danced , or the doctor slept ."	The doctor slept .	non-entailment
"The athlete called the tourists , or the senators supported the lawyer ."	The senators supported the lawyer .	non-entailment
"The managers ran , or the student supported the lawyers ."	The managers ran .	non-entailment
"The scientists ran , or the students contacted the secretary ."	The scientists ran .	non-entailment
"The artist contacted the banker , or the manager resigned ."	The manager resigned .	non-entailment
"The secretary waited , or the lawyer believed the student ."	The lawyer believed the student .	non-entailment
"The lawyers encouraged the bankers , or the judges believed the doctor ."	The lawyers encouraged the bankers .	non-entailment
"The authors contacted the managers , or the tourist slept ."	The tourist slept .	non-entailment
"The doctor admired the judge , or the managers supported the athlete ."	The doctor admired the judge .	non-entailment
"The athlete encouraged the professors , or the secretary arrived ."	The secretary arrived .	non-entailment
"The presidents advised the tourist , or the artists resigned ."	The artists resigned .	non-entailment
"The artists performed , or the students called the athlete ."	The students called the athlete .	non-entailment
"The lawyers slept , or the doctors resigned ."	The lawyers slept .	non-entailment
"The student waited , or the judge encouraged the president ."	The judge encouraged the president .	non-entailment
"The students resigned , or the presidents danced ."	The presidents danced .	non-entailment
"The presidents encouraged the lawyer , or the manager helped the authors ."	The manager helped the authors .	non-entailment
"The doctors mentioned the author , or the lawyers helped the secretaries ."	The lawyers helped the secretaries .	non-entailment
"The judges thanked the students , or the presidents contacted the doctors ."	The presidents contacted the doctors .	non-entailment
"The president performed , or the artists mentioned the athlete ."	The artists mentioned the athlete .	non-entailment
"The lawyer slept , or the banker recognized the senator ."	The lawyer slept .	non-entailment
"The lawyers called the senators , or the scientists helped the professor ."	The scientists helped the professor .	non-entailment
"The doctors recommended the scientists , or the managers recognized the tourists ."	The doctors recommended the scientists .	non-entailment
"The student helped the bankers , or the professor resigned ."	The professor resigned .	non-entailment
"The managers admired the athlete , or the judge arrived ."	The managers admired the athlete .	non-entailment
"The judges danced , or the senators recommended the secretary ."	The senators recommended the secretary .	non-entailment
"The actors stopped the bankers , or the athletes thanked the doctors ."	The actors stopped the bankers .	non-entailment
"The athlete slept , or the judges ran ."	The judges ran .	non-entailment
"The judge avoided the students , or the manager helped the authors ."	The judge avoided the students .	non-entailment
"The judges believed the lawyer , or the doctors stopped the athlete ."	The doctors stopped the athlete .	non-entailment
"The lawyers believed the author , or the athlete supported the banker ."	The lawyers believed the author .	non-entailment
"The lawyer recognized the senators , or the authors contacted the judges ."	The authors contacted the judges .	non-entailment
"The scientists supported the artist , or the students encouraged the lawyers ."	The students encouraged the lawyers .	non-entailment
"The professor thanked the tourist , or the judge stopped the author ."	The judge stopped the author .	non-entailment
"The judge performed , or the actor shouted ."	The judge performed .	non-entailment
"The actor ran , or the artists resigned ."	The actor ran .	non-entailment
"The author shouted , or the athletes resigned ."	The author shouted .	non-entailment
"The actor recognized the professors , or the doctor introduced the secretary ."	The actor recognized the professors .	non-entailment
"The athletes avoided the secretary , or the lawyers supported the doctors ."	The lawyers supported the doctors .	non-entailment
"The scientists introduced the judges , or the author stopped the artist ."	The author stopped the artist .	non-entailment
"The author mentioned the student , or the senator advised the actors ."	The author mentioned the student .	non-entailment
"The president resigned , or the professor introduced the judge ."	The professor introduced the judge .	non-entailment
"The athlete waited , or the presidents stopped the artists ."	The athlete waited .	non-entailment
"The actors danced , or the authors contacted the presidents ."	The authors contacted the presidents .	non-entailment
"The authors waited , or the actor advised the artist ."	The authors waited .	non-entailment
"The tourists resigned , or the athlete saw the students ."	The athlete saw the students .	non-entailment
"The lawyers advised the author , or the banker performed ."	The lawyers advised the author .	non-entailment
"The senator believed the professors , or the secretaries danced ."	The senator believed the professors .	non-entailment
"The doctors mentioned the actors , or the athletes advised the tourists ."	The doctors mentioned the actors .	non-entailment
"The actors danced , or the presidents helped the manager ."	The actors danced .	non-entailment
"The presidents danced , or the students supported the doctors ."	The students supported the doctors .	non-entailment
"The judges thanked the professor , or the senator arrived ."	The judges thanked the professor .	non-entailment
"The author believed the actors , or the judges recognized the senator ."	The judges recognized the senator .	non-entailment
"The president contacted the professors , or the managers saw the actors ."	The managers saw the actors .	non-entailment
"The bankers admired the athlete , or the secretaries called the doctors ."	The bankers admired the athlete .	non-entailment
"The secretaries avoided the authors , or the actor performed ."	The actor performed .	non-entailment
"The scientists ran , or the secretary recommended the tourists ."	The secretary recommended the tourists .	non-entailment
"The president shouted , or the student danced ."	The student danced .	non-entailment
"The authors thanked the artists , or the bankers encouraged the doctors ."	The bankers encouraged the doctors .	non-entailment
"The senators supported the author , or the artists introduced the tourist ."	The senators supported the author .	non-entailment
"The athletes shouted , or the bankers recommended the students ."	The bankers recommended the students .	non-entailment
"The secretaries ran , or the judges danced ."	The secretaries ran .	non-entailment
"The doctors performed , or the senator slept ."	The senator slept .	non-entailment
"The president contacted the manager , or the judge waited ."	The judge waited .	non-entailment
"The managers arrived , or the student encouraged the judge ."	The managers arrived .	non-entailment
"The artist slept , or the professors recommended the author ."	The artist slept .	non-entailment
"The senators saw the lawyers , or the doctor called the judge ."	The senators saw the lawyers .	non-entailment
"The scientists performed , or the authors encouraged the banker ."	The authors encouraged the banker .	non-entailment
"The judge resigned , or the artist helped the scientist ."	The artist helped the scientist .	non-entailment
"The athlete introduced the professors , or the actor contacted the banker ."	The athlete introduced the professors .	non-entailment
"The scientist resigned , or the athlete recognized the lawyers ."	The athlete recognized the lawyers .	non-entailment
"The artist resigned , or the manager slept ."	The manager slept .	non-entailment
"The scientist introduced the manager , or the lawyer arrived ."	The lawyer arrived .	non-entailment
"The presidents slept , or the tourists admired the scientists ."	The tourists admired the scientists .	non-entailment
"The author waited , or the senators believed the presidents ."	The senators believed the presidents .	non-entailment
"The artist stopped the authors , or the presidents contacted the doctor ."	The presidents contacted the doctor .	non-entailment
"The lawyers encouraged the manager , or the actor called the judges ."	The lawyers encouraged the manager .	non-entailment
"The lawyers stopped the presidents , or the judges avoided the professors ."	The lawyers stopped the presidents .	non-entailment
"The actor recognized the lawyers , or the artist called the students ."	The actor recognized the lawyers .	non-entailment
"The student ran , or the presidents slept ."	The student ran .	non-entailment
"The secretaries slept , or the tourist advised the banker ."	The secretaries slept .	non-entailment
"The managers recommended the banker , or the artists shouted ."	The managers recommended the banker .	non-entailment
"The doctors recommended the actor , or the students mentioned the lawyers ."	The students mentioned the lawyers .	non-entailment
"The athlete called the judges , or the tourist stopped the bankers ."	The athlete called the judges .	non-entailment
"The artist resigned , or the actors believed the presidents ."	The actors believed the presidents .	non-entailment
"The artist arrived , or the presidents waited ."	The presidents waited .	non-entailment
"The tourists contacted the athlete , or the bankers saw the lawyer ."	The bankers saw the lawyer .	non-entailment
"The judges supported the artists , or the professor helped the lawyers ."	The judges supported the artists .	non-entailment
"The artist performed , or the managers admired the bankers ."	The artist performed .	non-entailment
"The scientists thanked the professor , or the managers avoided the doctors ."	The managers avoided the doctors .	non-entailment
"The doctor thanked the judge , or the senators waited ."	The senators waited .	non-entailment
"The athletes performed , or the tourists contacted the student ."	The tourists contacted the student .	non-entailment
"The scientists supported the actor , or the professors saw the author ."	The scientists supported the actor .	non-entailment
"The president recognized the banker , or the student introduced the authors ."	The student introduced the authors .	non-entailment
"The actor recommended the senator , or the authors slept ."	The actor recommended the senator .	non-entailment
"The athletes slept , or the actors mentioned the bankers ."	The athletes slept .	non-entailment
"The tourist thanked the senators , or the students mentioned the actors ."	The students mentioned the actors .	non-entailment
"The scientist ran , or the artists recognized the judges ."	The artists recognized the judges .	non-entailment
"The actors danced , or the presidents believed the lawyer ."	The presidents believed the lawyer .	non-entailment
"The scientist avoided the student , or the athlete introduced the bankers ."	The athlete introduced the bankers .	non-entailment
"The judges saw the lawyers , or the authors waited ."	The judges saw the lawyers .	non-entailment
"The athlete ran , or the tourists admired the banker ."	The athlete ran .	non-entailment
"The presidents advised the doctor , or the artist recommended the athlete ."	The presidents advised the doctor .	non-entailment
"The lawyer recognized the banker , or the judge avoided the students ."	The judge avoided the students .	non-entailment
"The artists resigned , or the senator helped the doctor ."	The artists resigned .	non-entailment
"The artist recognized the secretary , or the banker admired the actors ."	The banker admired the actors .	non-entailment
"The authors stopped the artist , or the lawyers waited ."	The authors stopped the artist .	non-entailment
"The author shouted , or the students mentioned the judge ."	The students mentioned the judge .	non-entailment
"The doctors stopped the students , or the actor saw the athletes ."	The actor saw the athletes .	non-entailment
"The athlete introduced the professors , or the judge waited ."	The judge waited .	non-entailment
"The senators danced , or the bankers ran ."	The senators danced .	non-entailment
"The tourist advised the doctor , or the artists ran ."	The artists ran .	non-entailment
"The lawyers introduced the banker , or the judge contacted the doctor ."	The judge contacted the doctor .	non-entailment
"The managers waited , or the professor encouraged the secretaries ."	The professor encouraged the secretaries .	non-entailment
"The athletes encouraged the lawyers , or the artists advised the professor ."	The artists advised the professor .	non-entailment
"The lawyer supported the professors , or the senators stopped the doctor ."	The senators stopped the doctor .	non-entailment
"The athlete supported the lawyers , or the professors advised the secretary ."	The professors advised the secretary .	non-entailment
"The president admired the doctors , or the author contacted the artists ."	The author contacted the artists .	non-entailment
"The scientist saw the presidents , or the tourists admired the author ."	The tourists admired the author .	non-entailment
"The athlete encouraged the senator , or the authors called the actor ."	The authors called the actor .	non-entailment
"The senator encouraged the lawyers , or the doctors arrived ."	The senator encouraged the lawyers .	non-entailment
"The secretary danced , or the judge mentioned the presidents ."	The judge mentioned the presidents .	non-entailment
"The manager shouted , or the artist thanked the judge ."	The manager shouted .	non-entailment
"The authors arrived , or the presidents called the actor ."	The presidents called the actor .	non-entailment
"The banker slept , or the doctor thanked the secretaries ."	The doctor thanked the secretaries .	non-entailment
"The judge shouted , or the senators performed ."	The judge shouted .	non-entailment
"The president arrived , or the actors shouted ."	The actors shouted .	non-entailment
"The president believed the actor , or the students contacted the senators ."	The students contacted the senators .	non-entailment
"The scientists admired the tourists , or the students waited ."	The scientists admired the tourists .	non-entailment
"The managers arrived , or the professors stopped the actor ."	The professors stopped the actor .	non-entailment
"The bankers saw the scientist , or the president introduced the manager ."	The president introduced the manager .	non-entailment
"The actor contacted the banker , or the judges danced ."	The judges danced .	non-entailment
"The presidents contacted the secretaries , or the tourist performed ."	The tourist performed .	non-entailment
"The manager believed the tourists , or the secretary shouted ."	The manager believed the tourists .	non-entailment
"The secretary encouraged the actors , or the authors recommended the presidents ."	The authors recommended the presidents .	non-entailment
"The manager slept , or the banker ran ."	The banker ran .	non-entailment
"The secretary arrived , or the managers danced ."	The managers danced .	non-entailment
"The lawyers waited , or the bankers danced ."	The bankers danced .	non-entailment
"The tourist ran , or the judges stopped the scientist ."	The judges stopped the scientist .	non-entailment
"The manager thanked the scientist , or the doctor performed ."	The doctor performed .	non-entailment
"The author recognized the tourist , or the managers admired the judges ."	The managers admired the judges .	non-entailment
"The scientist encouraged the athletes , or the senator supported the tourist ."	The senator supported the tourist .	non-entailment
"The presidents recommended the doctor , or the professors avoided the student ."	The professors avoided the student .	non-entailment
"The artists performed , or the manager recommended the professors ."	The manager recommended the professors .	non-entailment
"The professor ran , or the student recommended the manager ."	The student recommended the manager .	non-entailment
"The senator introduced the managers , or the doctor thanked the authors ."	The doctor thanked the authors .	non-entailment
"The athlete mentioned the authors , or the students stopped the presidents ."	The athlete mentioned the authors .	non-entailment
"The athlete danced , or the doctor called the professors ."	The athlete danced .	non-entailment
"The scientist encouraged the president , or the professors performed ."	The professors performed .	non-entailment
"The doctor saw the artist , or the senators encouraged the lawyers ."	The senators encouraged the lawyers .	non-entailment
"The professor shouted , or the senator avoided the doctors ."	The professor shouted .	non-entailment
"The scientist recognized the secretary , or the tourists arrived ."	The scientist recognized the secretary .	non-entailment
"The actors waited , or the students slept ."	The actors waited .	non-entailment
"The athletes mentioned the doctors , or the president contacted the manager ."	The president contacted the manager .	non-entailment
"The senator believed the doctor , or the judge ran ."	The judge ran .	non-entailment
"The secretary stopped the presidents , or the artists recommended the senators ."	The secretary stopped the presidents .	non-entailment
"The senator stopped the actor , or the banker thanked the professor ."	The senator stopped the actor .	non-entailment
"The scientist mentioned the athletes , or the secretary performed ."	The scientist mentioned the athletes .	non-entailment
"The doctors performed , or the managers mentioned the author ."	The managers mentioned the author .	non-entailment
"The senator arrived , or the secretary believed the professor ."	The secretary believed the professor .	non-entailment
"The presidents slept , or the professors shouted ."	The presidents slept .	non-entailment
"The manager saw the author , or the secretary slept ."	The manager saw the author .	non-entailment
"The professors stopped the senator , or the scientist thanked the judges ."	The scientist thanked the judges .	non-entailment
"The banker arrived , or the managers resigned ."	The managers resigned .	non-entailment
"The actors recognized the scientists , or the secretary admired the banker ."	The actors recognized the scientists .	non-entailment
"The doctors admired the banker , or the student called the artists ."	The student called the artists .	non-entailment
"The tourist called the artist , or the professor saw the doctor ."	The tourist called the artist .	non-entailment
"The senators waited , or the athlete encouraged the banker ."	The athlete encouraged the banker .	non-entailment
"The authors performed , or the artists advised the judge ."	The authors performed .	non-entailment
"The senator arrived , or the scientist slept ."	The senator arrived .	non-entailment
"The students danced , or the lawyers saw the scientists ."	The lawyers saw the scientists .	non-entailment
"The scientists mentioned the tourists , or the author thanked the secretaries ."	The scientists mentioned the tourists .	non-entailment
"The athletes saw the professor , or the authors recommended the tourists ."	The authors recommended the tourists .	non-entailment
"The president admired the students , or the secretaries slept ."	The president admired the students .	non-entailment
"The managers danced , or the banker thanked the authors ."	The banker thanked the authors .	non-entailment
"The authors thanked the athletes , or the manager mentioned the tourists ."	The authors thanked the athletes .	non-entailment
"The banker danced , or the managers recognized the lawyers ."	The banker danced .	non-entailment
"The tourists resigned , or the doctor helped the student ."	The doctor helped the student .	non-entailment
"The author performed , or the tourists recognized the student ."	The tourists recognized the student .	non-entailment
"The student avoided the professors , or the athlete saw the senator ."	The student avoided the professors .	non-entailment
"The author avoided the professor , or the tourists stopped the senators ."	The tourists stopped the senators .	non-entailment
"The managers recommended the tourist , or the lawyer arrived ."	The managers recommended the tourist .	non-entailment
"The judge slept , or the actor believed the athletes ."	The actor believed the athletes .	non-entailment
"The athletes introduced the authors , or the banker slept ."	The athletes introduced the authors .	non-entailment
"The banker resigned , or the manager thanked the secretaries ."	The manager thanked the secretaries .	non-entailment
"The doctors recognized the judges , or the scientists waited ."	The scientists waited .	non-entailment
"The tourists slept , or the professor resigned ."	The professor resigned .	non-entailment
"The artists helped the judges , or the actor slept ."	The actor slept .	non-entailment
"The professor saw the students , or the scientists shouted ."	The scientists shouted .	non-entailment
"The manager saw the athlete , or the judges ran ."	The manager saw the athlete .	non-entailment
"The tourists arrived , or the lawyer recommended the athletes ."	The tourists arrived .	non-entailment
"The actor danced , or the president recommended the judges ."	The actor danced .	non-entailment
"The secretaries performed , or the artists helped the bankers ."	The secretaries performed .	non-entailment
"The tourists contacted the professors , or the president arrived ."	The president arrived .	non-entailment
"The president resigned , or the professors waited ."	The professors waited .	non-entailment
"The student performed , or the judge arrived ."	The judge arrived .	non-entailment
"The manager saw the bankers , or the scientists performed ."	The manager saw the bankers .	non-entailment
"The bankers danced , or the secretaries avoided the senators ."	The bankers danced .	non-entailment
"The student arrived , or the professors ran ."	The professors ran .	non-entailment
"The author waited , or the judges recommended the lawyer ."	The author waited .	non-entailment
"The senator waited , or the authors admired the doctors ."	The authors admired the doctors .	non-entailment
"The tourists waited , or the managers mentioned the student ."	The tourists waited .	non-entailment
"The professors called the artists , or the scientists mentioned the author ."	The scientists mentioned the author .	non-entailment
"The bankers encouraged the actors , or the professors avoided the senators ."	The bankers encouraged the actors .	non-entailment
"The student danced , or the doctor introduced the senator ."	The student danced .	non-entailment
"The banker encouraged the secretary , or the artist supported the tourist ."	The banker encouraged the secretary .	non-entailment
"The senators introduced the judge , or the doctor waited ."	The doctor waited .	non-entailment
"The student saw the presidents , or the senators recommended the secretary ."	The student saw the presidents .	non-entailment
"The presidents ran , or the manager recognized the lawyer ."	The presidents ran .	non-entailment
"The athlete waited , or the actors recommended the doctors ."	The athlete waited .	non-entailment
"The doctor contacted the athletes , or the authors stopped the judges ."	The authors stopped the judges .	non-entailment
"The doctors resigned , or the professors believed the manager ."	The doctors resigned .	non-entailment
"The scientist helped the judge , or the author ran ."	The scientist helped the judge .	non-entailment
"The tourist recognized the bankers , or the managers ran ."	The managers ran .	non-entailment
"The president contacted the student , or the actors performed ."	The president contacted the student .	non-entailment
"The actors arrived , or the artists recognized the scientist ."	The artists recognized the scientist .	non-entailment
"The president waited , or the tourist ran ."	The president waited .	non-entailment
"The judges mentioned the professors , or the senator encouraged the presidents ."	The senator encouraged the presidents .	non-entailment
"The authors helped the student , or the presidents recognized the artists ."	The presidents recognized the artists .	non-entailment
"The president helped the tourists , or the senators shouted ."	The president helped the tourists .	non-entailment
"The athlete recommended the professors , or the doctors shouted ."	The doctors shouted .	non-entailment
"The scientist encouraged the tourist , or the authors helped the student ."	The authors helped the student .	non-entailment
"The scientists resigned , or the manager danced ."	The manager danced .	non-entailment
"The scientist slept , or the secretaries introduced the authors ."	The secretaries introduced the authors .	non-entailment
"The secretary performed , or the tourists admired the lawyer ."	The tourists admired the lawyer .	non-entailment
"The artists stopped the doctor , or the tourists avoided the senators ."	The tourists avoided the senators .	non-entailment
"The tourists recognized the doctor , or the professors introduced the student ."	The tourists recognized the doctor .	non-entailment
"The tourists stopped the actor , or the president encouraged the managers ."	The president encouraged the managers .	non-entailment
"The president supported the scientists , or the judges advised the bankers ."	The judges advised the bankers .	non-entailment
"The student believed the author , or the artist thanked the judge ."	The artist thanked the judge .	non-entailment
"The scientist saw the actors , or the secretaries advised the athletes ."	The secretaries advised the athletes .	non-entailment
"The tourists ran , or the president slept ."	The tourists ran .	non-entailment
"The actors saw the student , or the doctor ran ."	The actors saw the student .	non-entailment
"The authors recommended the secretaries , or the tourists resigned ."	The authors recommended the secretaries .	non-entailment
"The doctor arrived , or the lawyers supported the athlete ."	The doctor arrived .	non-entailment
"The bankers danced , or the lawyers saw the senator ."	The bankers danced .	non-entailment
"The professors supported the judge , or the tourists recommended the athletes ."	The tourists recommended the athletes .	non-entailment
"The tourist avoided the lawyer , or the senators called the actors ."	The senators called the actors .	non-entailment
"The actors called the athletes , or the authors recommended the managers ."	The authors recommended the managers .	non-entailment
"The artist recognized the managers , or the secretaries avoided the athletes ."	The artist recognized the managers .	non-entailment
"The presidents introduced the scientist , or the judges advised the bankers ."	The judges advised the bankers .	non-entailment
"The lawyer avoided the judge , or the presidents admired the manager ."	The lawyer avoided the judge .	non-entailment
"The athlete slept , or the secretaries recognized the judges ."	The athlete slept .	non-entailment
"The senator called the secretary , or the bankers advised the presidents ."	The bankers advised the presidents .	non-entailment
"The professor waited , or the banker stopped the scientist ."	The banker stopped the scientist .	non-entailment
"The student encouraged the author , or the professors arrived ."	The professors arrived .	non-entailment
"The artist ran , or the banker shouted ."	The banker shouted .	non-entailment
"The doctors believed the judges , or the athlete supported the scientist ."	The doctors believed the judges .	non-entailment
"The athlete encouraged the tourist , or the scientist arrived ."	The athlete encouraged the tourist .	non-entailment
"The scientists avoided the doctor , or the judges slept ."	The scientists avoided the doctor .	non-entailment
"The professors admired the president , or the secretary performed ."	The professors admired the president .	non-entailment
"The banker introduced the author , or the judges arrived ."	The judges arrived .	non-entailment
"The lawyer recognized the scientists , or the managers arrived ."	The lawyer recognized the scientists .	non-entailment
"The managers admired the banker , or the tourist danced ."	The managers admired the banker .	non-entailment
"The tourist recommended the students , or the judge introduced the doctors ."	The judge introduced the doctors .	non-entailment
"The doctor ran , or the presidents resigned ."	The doctor ran .	non-entailment
"The doctor stopped the athletes , or the scientist shouted ."	The doctor stopped the athletes .	non-entailment
"The professor slept , or the artists thanked the athlete ."	The artists thanked the athlete .	non-entailment
"The doctors saw the secretary , or the tourist arrived ."	The doctors saw the secretary .	non-entailment
"The actors contacted the doctors , or the athletes thanked the professor ."	The athletes thanked the professor .	non-entailment
"The authors shouted , or the athletes admired the senators ."	The authors shouted .	non-entailment
"The managers resigned , or the lawyer recommended the president ."	The lawyer recommended the president .	non-entailment
"The students believed the managers , or the authors danced ."	The authors danced .	non-entailment
"The senators believed the artists , or the professor encouraged the bankers ."	The senators believed the artists .	non-entailment
"The bankers recommended the athletes , or the tourist contacted the scientists ."	The bankers recommended the athletes .	non-entailment
"The athlete encouraged the lawyer , or the president admired the secretaries ."	The athlete encouraged the lawyer .	non-entailment
"The tourist stopped the scientists , or the actors performed ."	The actors performed .	non-entailment
"The professor saw the judges , or the banker avoided the secretaries ."	The banker avoided the secretaries .	non-entailment
"The professor mentioned the actor , or the tourists recognized the athletes ."	The professor mentioned the actor .	non-entailment
"The president helped the senator , or the manager waited ."	The manager waited .	non-entailment
"The tourist helped the lawyers , or the athletes slept ."	The tourist helped the lawyers .	non-entailment
"The president avoided the professors , or the tourist saw the judges ."	The president avoided the professors .	non-entailment
"The student slept , or the manager ran ."	The manager ran .	non-entailment
"The students avoided the tourists , or the artists ran ."	The artists ran .	non-entailment
"The secretaries arrived , or the artist believed the judges ."	The secretaries arrived .	non-entailment
"The lawyers performed , or the student waited ."	The student waited .	non-entailment
"The senator advised the presidents , or the bankers resigned ."	The bankers resigned .	non-entailment
"The judge arrived , or the manager recognized the lawyers ."	The judge arrived .	non-entailment
"The artists waited , or the actor called the students ."	The actor called the students .	non-entailment
"The author ran , or the artist arrived ."	The artist arrived .	non-entailment
"The managers thanked the professor , or the artist mentioned the senators ."	The managers thanked the professor .	non-entailment
"The author helped the secretary , or the actor recognized the judges ."	The actor recognized the judges .	non-entailment
"The doctors admired the students , or the secretaries shouted ."	The secretaries shouted .	non-entailment
"The actor danced , or the lawyers mentioned the authors ."	The actor danced .	non-entailment
"The student advised the artist , or the banker thanked the managers ."	The student advised the artist .	non-entailment
"The scientist contacted the manager , or the professor shouted ."	The professor shouted .	non-entailment
"The senators shouted , or the manager admired the actors ."	The senators shouted .	non-entailment
"The professor saw the scientists , or the banker believed the actors ."	The professor saw the scientists .	non-entailment
"The athletes avoided the student , or the author performed ."	The author performed .	non-entailment
"The secretaries recommended the scientists , or the author supported the professors ."	The secretaries recommended the scientists .	non-entailment
"The manager thanked the banker , or the student believed the professor ."	The manager thanked the banker .	non-entailment
"The athletes called the senator , or the judge supported the president ."	The judge supported the president .	non-entailment
"The students shouted , or the secretaries danced ."	The students shouted .	non-entailment
"The scientists stopped the athletes , or the judge encouraged the artist ."	The scientists stopped the athletes .	non-entailment
"The scientist danced , or the secretary advised the author ."	The scientist danced .	non-entailment
"The tourist danced , or the senators admired the artist ."	The senators admired the artist .	non-entailment
"The scientist admired the presidents , or the manager believed the lawyers ."	The manager believed the lawyers .	non-entailment
"The athletes recognized the actors , or the tourists helped the senator ."	The athletes recognized the actors .	non-entailment
"The manager helped the judges , or the actors recommended the senators ."	The manager helped the judges .	non-entailment
"The professors supported the senator , or the bankers called the managers ."	The bankers called the managers .	non-entailment
"The students supported the lawyers , or the athletes encouraged the professors ."	The athletes encouraged the professors .	non-entailment
"The senator believed the students , or the tourist waited ."	The senator believed the students .	non-entailment
"The secretaries admired the actor , or the authors recommended the banker ."	The secretaries admired the actor .	non-entailment
"The professors avoided the doctor , or the presidents supported the senators ."	The professors avoided the doctor .	non-entailment
"The athletes slept , or the presidents mentioned the banker ."	The presidents mentioned the banker .	non-entailment
"The scientist helped the artists , or the author encouraged the banker ."	The author encouraged the banker .	non-entailment
"The artists called the authors , or the lawyer stopped the athletes ."	The lawyer stopped the athletes .	non-entailment
"The lawyer avoided the athletes , or the manager encouraged the student ."	The manager encouraged the student .	non-entailment
"The senators helped the tourist , or the scientists thanked the artist ."	The scientists thanked the artist .	non-entailment
"The tourist shouted , or the artists recognized the judges ."	The artists recognized the judges .	non-entailment
"The student ran , or the athlete stopped the professors ."	The athlete stopped the professors .	non-entailment
"The banker thanked the professors , or the lawyer helped the tourists ."	The lawyer helped the tourists .	non-entailment
"The bankers stopped the authors , or the student contacted the senator ."	The student contacted the senator .	non-entailment
"The authors helped the professor , or the presidents recommended the lawyers ."	The presidents recommended the lawyers .	non-entailment
"The students thanked the lawyers , or the artists believed the athletes ."	The students thanked the lawyers .	non-entailment
"The actors arrived , or the athletes performed ."	The actors arrived .	non-entailment
"The scientist recognized the professors , or the authors mentioned the lawyers ."	The scientist recognized the professors .	non-entailment
"The scientist advised the artists , or the banker introduced the manager ."	The banker introduced the manager .	non-entailment
"The artist called the tourists , or the athletes ran ."	The athletes ran .	non-entailment
"The students slept , or the judges introduced the tourists ."	The judges introduced the tourists .	non-entailment
"The manager performed , or the students ran ."	The students ran .	non-entailment
"The professor thanked the actor , or the banker recommended the students ."	The banker recommended the students .	non-entailment
"The secretaries danced , or the bankers waited ."	The bankers waited .	non-entailment
"The actor helped the doctors , or the professors contacted the manager ."	The professors contacted the manager .	non-entailment
"The managers introduced the senator , or the banker admired the secretaries ."	The banker admired the secretaries .	non-entailment
"The lawyer avoided the senators , or the students shouted ."	The students shouted .	non-entailment
"The scientists contacted the artists , or the tourists advised the judge ."	The tourists advised the judge .	non-entailment
"The doctors shouted , or the judge admired the tourist ."	The judge admired the tourist .	non-entailment
"The student supported the lawyers , or the scientists resigned ."	The scientists resigned .	non-entailment
"The senator thanked the professor , or the secretary contacted the presidents ."	The secretary contacted the presidents .	non-entailment
"The doctors contacted the presidents , or the managers mentioned the banker ."	The doctors contacted the presidents .	non-entailment
"The actors shouted , or the tourists introduced the bankers ."	The tourists introduced the bankers .	non-entailment
"The tourist thanked the actor , or the judges slept ."	The tourist thanked the actor .	non-entailment
"The president encouraged the senators , or the judges ran ."	The president encouraged the senators .	non-entailment
"The professors stopped the tourist , or the actor performed ."	The professors stopped the tourist .	non-entailment
"The doctor believed the authors , or the lawyers thanked the student ."	The doctor believed the authors .	non-entailment
"The presidents ran , or the senators avoided the banker ."	The presidents ran .	non-entailment
"The authors recommended the lawyer , or the bankers slept ."	The bankers slept .	non-entailment
"The secretary shouted , or the scientist advised the professors ."	The scientist advised the professors .	non-entailment
"The tourist recognized the managers , or the artists resigned ."	The tourist recognized the managers .	non-entailment
"The actor danced , or the tourist arrived ."	The actor danced .	non-entailment
"The senators introduced the secretaries , or the tourist ran ."	The senators introduced the secretaries .	non-entailment
"The tourists encouraged the judge , or the scientists called the professor ."	The scientists called the professor .	non-entailment
"The scientists ran , or the lawyer recommended the bankers ."	The scientists ran .	non-entailment
"The actors avoided the artist , or the tourist slept ."	The actors avoided the artist .	non-entailment
"The athlete called the manager , or the judges introduced the actors ."	The athlete called the manager .	non-entailment
"The bankers believed the actors , or the presidents helped the scientist ."	The bankers believed the actors .	non-entailment
"The author ran , or the managers slept ."	The author ran .	non-entailment
"The student called the bankers , or the lawyer arrived ."	The lawyer arrived .	non-entailment
"The athletes danced , or the secretary saw the president ."	The secretary saw the president .	non-entailment
"The tourists helped the athlete , or the banker ran ."	The banker ran .	non-entailment
"The actors introduced the student , or the professor waited ."	The actors introduced the student .	non-entailment
"The authors admired the doctor , or the bankers encouraged the scientist ."	The authors admired the doctor .	non-entailment
"The president stopped the scientist , or the professors introduced the bankers ."	The professors introduced the bankers .	non-entailment
"The manager supported the actor , or the secretaries saw the banker ."	The manager supported the actor .	non-entailment
"The artist arrived , or the tourist introduced the scientist ."	The tourist introduced the scientist .	non-entailment
"The tourist supported the judge , or the secretary arrived ."	The tourist supported the judge .	non-entailment
"The banker recommended the student , or the secretaries performed ."	The banker recommended the student .	non-entailment
"The secretary advised the senator , or the scientists recognized the student ."	The scientists recognized the student .	non-entailment
"The president contacted the doctor , or the judges danced ."	The president contacted the doctor .	non-entailment
"The authors contacted the manager , or the lawyers stopped the student ."	The lawyers stopped the student .	non-entailment
"The author saw the student , or the professors advised the athlete ."	The professors advised the athlete .	non-entailment
"The doctors ran , or the senators shouted ."	The doctors ran .	non-entailment
"The banker recognized the lawyers , or the secretary performed ."	The banker recognized the lawyers .	non-entailment
"The scientist danced , or the judge arrived ."	The judge arrived .	non-entailment
"The professor waited , or the banker advised the students ."	The banker advised the students .	non-entailment
"The students avoided the presidents , or the senators supported the athlete ."	The students avoided the presidents .	non-entailment
"The authors avoided the professors , or the actor recognized the artist ."	The authors avoided the professors .	non-entailment
"The actor ran , or the secretaries helped the artist ."	The secretaries helped the artist .	non-entailment
"The tourists encouraged the banker , or the secretaries believed the scientist ."	The secretaries believed the scientist .	non-entailment
"The secretary recommended the doctor , or the actors performed ."	The secretary recommended the doctor .	non-entailment
"The student resigned , or the scientists introduced the actor ."	The student resigned .	non-entailment
"The actors encouraged the scientists , or the bankers performed ."	The bankers performed .	non-entailment
"The bankers danced , or the manager waited ."	The manager waited .	non-entailment
"The lawyers ran , or the student arrived ."	The lawyers ran .	non-entailment
"The lawyer believed the professors , or the athletes recognized the managers ."	The athletes recognized the managers .	non-entailment
"The lawyer thanked the tourists , or the artists performed ."	The artists performed .	non-entailment
"The president advised the actors , or the doctors encouraged the artists ."	The president advised the actors .	non-entailment
"The judge recognized the actor , or the presidents mentioned the athlete ."	The presidents mentioned the athlete .	non-entailment
"The bankers recognized the tourist , or the presidents called the students ."	The bankers recognized the tourist .	non-entailment
"The athlete waited , or the judge mentioned the manager ."	The athlete waited .	non-entailment
"The presidents slept , or the doctors shouted ."	The presidents slept .	non-entailment
"The scientists shouted , or the secretaries helped the tourist ."	The secretaries helped the tourist .	non-entailment
"The artists advised the managers , or the secretaries helped the student ."	The artists advised the managers .	non-entailment
"The athlete recognized the artist , or the doctor contacted the authors ."	The athlete recognized the artist .	non-entailment
"The lawyer slept , or the professors recommended the artists ."	The lawyer slept .	non-entailment
"The scientist mentioned the managers , or the professors thanked the artists ."	The scientist mentioned the managers .	non-entailment
"The managers avoided the artist , or the senators believed the scientist ."	The managers avoided the artist .	non-entailment
"The athlete waited , or the tourist danced ."	The tourist danced .	non-entailment
"The presidents shouted , or the secretaries admired the artist ."	The presidents shouted .	non-entailment
"The author mentioned the actor , or the managers waited ."	The managers waited .	non-entailment
"The managers saw the actors , or the doctors admired the lawyers ."	The managers saw the actors .	non-entailment
"The bankers recognized the doctor , or the artists danced ."	The bankers recognized the doctor .	non-entailment
"The students recommended the scientists , or the senators avoided the artist ."	The senators avoided the artist .	non-entailment
"The banker avoided the senator , or the author slept ."	The author slept .	non-entailment
"The tourists performed , or the actor avoided the president ."	The actor avoided the president .	non-entailment
"The banker encouraged the secretaries , or the athlete admired the presidents ."	The banker encouraged the secretaries .	non-entailment
"The professor recommended the athlete , or the scientists called the author ."	The professor recommended the athlete .	non-entailment
"The manager danced , or the students ran ."	The students ran .	non-entailment
"The secretaries danced , or the author helped the actor ."	The author helped the actor .	non-entailment
"The actor waited , or the tourist recommended the judges ."	The actor waited .	non-entailment
"The manager slept , or the authors danced ."	The authors danced .	non-entailment
"The president slept , or the tourist avoided the judges ."	The president slept .	non-entailment
"The student recognized the actors , or the athletes saw the scientist ."	The student recognized the actors .	non-entailment
"The athlete recommended the scientist , or the doctors encouraged the manager ."	The athlete recommended the scientist .	non-entailment
"The bankers recognized the judges , or the actors called the student ."	The actors called the student .	non-entailment
"The bankers mentioned the doctor , or the athlete believed the tourist ."	The bankers mentioned the doctor .	non-entailment
"The tourist recommended the athlete , or the senators believed the lawyers ."	The tourist recommended the athlete .	non-entailment
"The scientist avoided the doctors , or the lawyers waited ."	The lawyers waited .	non-entailment
"The manager recognized the athlete , or the doctor shouted ."	The manager recognized the athlete .	non-entailment
"The judge recognized the senators , or the tourist helped the lawyer ."	The judge recognized the senators .	non-entailment
"The scientist mentioned the lawyers , or the doctor introduced the managers ."	The doctor introduced the managers .	non-entailment
"The actors supported the athletes , or the lawyer performed ."	The actors supported the athletes .	non-entailment
"The lawyer helped the secretary , or the authors slept ."	The lawyer helped the secretary .	non-entailment
"The judge resigned , or the senators admired the scientist ."	The judge resigned .	non-entailment
"The author arrived , or the actors shouted ."	The actors shouted .	non-entailment
"The students believed the tourist , or the scientists avoided the author ."	The scientists avoided the author .	non-entailment
"The author resigned , or the athletes believed the actors ."	The author resigned .	non-entailment
"The students helped the author , or the lawyer waited ."	The students helped the author .	non-entailment
"The professors recommended the artist , or the bankers helped the senator ."	The bankers helped the senator .	non-entailment
"The athlete admired the doctor , or the tourist shouted ."	The athlete admired the doctor .	non-entailment
"The secretary recognized the lawyers , or the professor contacted the doctors ."	The professor contacted the doctors .	non-entailment
"The senators resigned , or the scientists avoided the bankers ."	The scientists avoided the bankers .	non-entailment
"The lawyer contacted the presidents , or the tourists called the professors ."	The tourists called the professors .	non-entailment
"The actor danced , or the secretaries performed ."	The secretaries performed .	non-entailment
"The managers encouraged the professor , or the scientists introduced the student ."	The managers encouraged the professor .	non-entailment
"The actors encouraged the doctors , or the artist arrived ."	The actors encouraged the doctors .	non-entailment
"The tourist waited , or the managers admired the athletes ."	The tourist waited .	non-entailment
"The banker admired the doctor , or the artist danced ."	The banker admired the doctor .	non-entailment
"The scientist admired the secretary , or the tourists called the authors ."	The scientist admired the secretary .	non-entailment
"The students shouted , or the lawyers performed ."	The lawyers performed .	non-entailment
"The actor thanked the presidents , or the senators mentioned the judge ."	The actor thanked the presidents .	non-entailment
"The tourists waited , or the presidents introduced the lawyer ."	The presidents introduced the lawyer .	non-entailment
"The senators danced , or the students called the scientists ."	The students called the scientists .	non-entailment
"The lawyer believed the tourist , or the students recognized the actor ."	The students recognized the actor .	non-entailment
"The professors advised the bankers , or the tourist contacted the presidents ."	The tourist contacted the presidents .	non-entailment
"The student helped the manager , or the professors mentioned the banker ."	The student helped the manager .	non-entailment
"The manager ran , or the students advised the actors ."	The manager ran .	non-entailment
"The bankers contacted the student , or the athletes danced ."	The athletes danced .	non-entailment
"The manager recognized the scientists , or the author mentioned the secretaries ."	The manager recognized the scientists .	non-entailment
"The doctor resigned , or the judges saw the actor ."	The judges saw the actor .	non-entailment
"The professors contacted the bankers , or the authors encouraged the actor ."	The professors contacted the bankers .	non-entailment
"The actor called the athlete , or the judge contacted the bankers ."	The actor called the athlete .	non-entailment
"The banker supported the athletes , or the lawyers saw the student ."	The lawyers saw the student .	non-entailment
"The managers ran , or the artists mentioned the lawyer ."	The managers ran .	non-entailment
"The scientist believed the doctor , or the lawyers danced ."	The lawyers danced .	non-entailment
"The lawyer performed , or the senator saw the tourists ."	The lawyer performed .	non-entailment
"The athlete arrived , or the banker advised the professor ."	The athlete arrived .	non-entailment
"The students slept , or the lawyers performed ."	The students slept .	non-entailment
"The doctors mentioned the senators , or the artists called the student ."	The artists called the student .	non-entailment
"The doctors avoided the senators , or the athlete recognized the judges ."	The athlete recognized the judges .	non-entailment
"The tourist ran , or the students advised the managers ."	The tourist ran .	non-entailment
"The actor danced , or the manager stopped the lawyers ."	The actor danced .	non-entailment
"The students stopped the lawyer , or the artist waited ."	The artist waited .	non-entailment
"The scientists recommended the managers , or the author danced ."	The author danced .	non-entailment
"The lawyer introduced the doctors , or the secretary helped the professors ."	The secretary helped the professors .	non-entailment
"The doctors encouraged the tourists , or the judges resigned ."	The judges resigned .	non-entailment
"The tourist introduced the senator , or the athlete saw the president ."	The athlete saw the president .	non-entailment
"The banker encouraged the senator , or the manager contacted the presidents ."	The banker encouraged the senator .	non-entailment
"The manager stopped the student , or the secretary waited ."	The manager stopped the student .	non-entailment
"The artist encouraged the lawyers , or the actors believed the tourists ."	The artist encouraged the lawyers .	non-entailment
"The manager called the doctor , or the senator slept ."	The senator slept .	non-entailment
"The scientists thanked the athlete , or the lawyers arrived ."	The scientists thanked the athlete .	non-entailment
"The artist ran , or the actor danced ."	The actor danced .	non-entailment
"The tourists waited , or the athletes supported the senator ."	The athletes supported the senator .	non-entailment
"The actors recognized the banker , or the tourist arrived ."	The tourist arrived .	non-entailment
"The manager danced , or the doctors ran ."	The doctors ran .	non-entailment
"The manager admired the secretary , or the scientist helped the presidents ."	The scientist helped the presidents .	non-entailment
"The banker saw the judges , or the senator advised the tourists ."	The senator advised the tourists .	non-entailment
"The actors danced , or the artists recommended the tourist ."	The actors danced .	non-entailment
"The managers saw the athlete , or the actor admired the judges ."	The actor admired the judges .	non-entailment
"The president helped the tourists , or the secretaries called the judge ."	The president helped the tourists .	non-entailment
"The lawyers encouraged the athlete , or the artist supported the tourists ."	The artist supported the tourists .	non-entailment
"The lawyers called the actors , or the tourists thanked the athlete ."	The lawyers called the actors .	non-entailment
"The students advised the lawyer , or the tourists recommended the bankers ."	The students advised the lawyer .	non-entailment
"The students avoided the athletes , or the doctors encouraged the bankers ."	The students avoided the athletes .	non-entailment
"The secretary waited , or the students resigned ."	The secretary waited .	non-entailment
"The professor recognized the artist , or the student called the senators ."	The professor recognized the artist .	non-entailment
"The president admired the authors , or the students introduced the scientist ."	The students introduced the scientist .	non-entailment
"The lawyer admired the secretary , or the judges helped the scientist ."	The lawyer admired the secretary .	non-entailment
"The doctors ran , or the authors slept ."	The doctors ran .	non-entailment
"The doctors danced , or the student mentioned the tourist ."	The doctors danced .	non-entailment
"The bankers contacted the tourists , or the secretaries helped the senator ."	The secretaries helped the senator .	non-entailment
"The doctor stopped the bankers , or the secretaries recommended the senators ."	The secretaries recommended the senators .	non-entailment
"The secretaries waited , or the bankers slept ."	The bankers slept .	non-entailment
"The lawyer arrived , or the author ran ."	The author ran .	non-entailment
"The professors slept , or the secretaries saw the judges ."	The professors slept .	non-entailment
"The scientists admired the senators , or the secretaries resigned ."	The scientists admired the senators .	non-entailment
"The scientists helped the professors , or the actor shouted ."	The scientists helped the professors .	non-entailment
"The artist believed the actor , or the doctor helped the professor ."	The doctor helped the professor .	non-entailment
"The student performed , or the artists called the lawyer ."	The student performed .	non-entailment
"The bankers performed , or the artists shouted ."	The bankers performed .	non-entailment
"The tourist danced , or the judge recommended the artist ."	The tourist danced .	non-entailment
"The tourists introduced the judges , or the banker stopped the scientist ."	The banker stopped the scientist .	non-entailment
"The doctors introduced the athletes , or the senators stopped the managers ."	The senators stopped the managers .	non-entailment
"The bankers introduced the actor , or the athlete arrived ."	The athlete arrived .	non-entailment
"The judges helped the tourists , or the lawyers mentioned the doctor ."	The judges helped the tourists .	non-entailment
"The artist called the tourists , or the presidents saw the students ."	The presidents saw the students .	non-entailment
"The professor arrived , or the managers mentioned the judge ."	The managers mentioned the judge .	non-entailment
"The presidents avoided the athletes , or the doctor danced ."	The doctor danced .	non-entailment
"The doctor arrived , or the lawyers shouted ."	The lawyers shouted .	non-entailment
"The presidents stopped the judge , or the manager encouraged the banker ."	The manager encouraged the banker .	non-entailment
"The secretary performed , or the doctor called the managers ."	The secretary performed .	non-entailment
"The banker admired the secretaries , or the doctor stopped the presidents ."	The banker admired the secretaries .	non-entailment
"The judges contacted the student , or the manager resigned ."	The manager resigned .	non-entailment
"The presidents avoided the senator , or the tourists helped the manager ."	The tourists helped the manager .	non-entailment
"The senators ran , or the doctors recognized the judges ."	The doctors recognized the judges .	non-entailment
"The doctor recommended the authors , or the actor avoided the banker ."	The actor avoided the banker .	non-entailment
"The athletes recommended the student , or the banker contacted the author ."	The banker contacted the author .	non-entailment
"The presidents advised the student , or the professors recognized the actor ."	The presidents advised the student .	non-entailment
"The student encouraged the presidents , or the actor thanked the scientists ."	The student encouraged the presidents .	non-entailment
"The president believed the doctors , or the professors stopped the actor ."	The professors stopped the actor .	non-entailment
"The senator ran , or the president performed ."	The president performed .	non-entailment
"The author encouraged the athlete , or the student waited ."	The author encouraged the athlete .	non-entailment
"The artist arrived , or the scientists slept ."	The scientists slept .	non-entailment
"The scientist waited , or the actors thanked the student ."	The scientist waited .	non-entailment
"The student slept , or the athletes danced ."	The athletes danced .	non-entailment
"The judge helped the bankers , or the student contacted the manager ."	The judge helped the bankers .	non-entailment
"The judges advised the bankers , or the actors recognized the professor ."	The actors recognized the professor .	non-entailment
"The scientists stopped the senators , or the actors waited ."	The scientists stopped the senators .	non-entailment
"The presidents stopped the professors , or the author encouraged the secretaries ."	The author encouraged the secretaries .	non-entailment
"The scientist ran , or the bankers saw the secretaries ."	The bankers saw the secretaries .	non-entailment
"The banker encouraged the presidents , or the lawyers admired the athletes ."	The lawyers admired the athletes .	non-entailment
"The authors arrived , or the secretaries admired the banker ."	The secretaries admired the banker .	non-entailment
"The president slept , or the doctor saw the artist ."	The doctor saw the artist .	non-entailment
"The secretaries advised the artist , or the student thanked the tourists ."	The student thanked the tourists .	non-entailment
"The president stopped the secretary , or the doctor resigned ."	The doctor resigned .	non-entailment
"The secretaries believed the managers , or the tourists introduced the student ."	The tourists introduced the student .	non-entailment
"The secretary danced , or the manager thanked the actors ."	The manager thanked the actors .	non-entailment
"The secretaries advised the authors , or the actor supported the artists ."	The secretaries advised the authors .	non-entailment
"The banker mentioned the judges , or the athletes recognized the presidents ."	The banker mentioned the judges .	non-entailment
"The tourist slept , or the senator danced ."	The tourist slept .	non-entailment
"The secretaries helped the lawyers , or the author thanked the tourist ."	The author thanked the tourist .	non-entailment
"The doctors introduced the scientists , or the student avoided the authors ."	The student avoided the authors .	non-entailment
"The actor shouted , or the athlete advised the manager ."	The actor shouted .	non-entailment
"The senator danced , or the doctor contacted the actor ."	The doctor contacted the actor .	non-entailment
"The tourist mentioned the bankers , or the doctors supported the student ."	The doctors supported the student .	non-entailment
"The actors ran , or the professor danced ."	The actors ran .	non-entailment
"The artist admired the athletes , or the tourists encouraged the president ."	The tourists encouraged the president .	non-entailment
"The banker danced , or the lawyers admired the artist ."	The lawyers admired the artist .	non-entailment
"The judge shouted , or the artist saw the bankers ."	The judge shouted .	non-entailment
"The bankers ran , or the secretaries avoided the doctors ."	The secretaries avoided the doctors .	non-entailment
"The banker called the secretaries , or the artists saw the senator ."	The artists saw the senator .	non-entailment
"The judges contacted the professors , or the author resigned ."	The author resigned .	non-entailment
"The senators waited , or the president avoided the athlete ."	The president avoided the athlete .	non-entailment
"The students admired the judge , or the professor advised the lawyer ."	The students admired the judge .	non-entailment
"The scientists danced , or the student slept ."	The scientists danced .	non-entailment
"The professor supported the lawyers , or the managers mentioned the doctor ."	The professor supported the lawyers .	non-entailment
"The judge contacted the scientists , or the bankers waited ."	The judge contacted the scientists .	non-entailment
"The professors advised the banker , or the tourists arrived ."	The professors advised the banker .	non-entailment
"The tourists believed the professors , or the artists recommended the scientists ."	The tourists believed the professors .	non-entailment
"The judges performed , or the professors contacted the athlete ."	The professors contacted the athlete .	non-entailment
"The doctors slept , or the secretaries encouraged the professors ."	The doctors slept .	non-entailment
"The students helped the secretaries , or the banker performed ."	The banker performed .	non-entailment
"The manager introduced the artist , or the senators ran ."	The senators ran .	non-entailment
"The authors ran , or the president avoided the tourists ."	The authors ran .	non-entailment
"The doctors performed , or the professor resigned ."	The doctors performed .	non-entailment
"The artist avoided the secretary , or the authors admired the student ."	The authors admired the student .	non-entailment
"The senator arrived , or the secretary recommended the judges ."	The secretary recommended the judges .	non-entailment
"The senator called the artist , or the president saw the author ."	The senator called the artist .	non-entailment
"The students supported the presidents , or the athletes advised the actor ."	The athletes advised the actor .	non-entailment
"The authors advised the banker , or the actor mentioned the students ."	The actor mentioned the students .	non-entailment
"The lawyer supported the student , or the scientist performed ."	The lawyer supported the student .	non-entailment
"The doctor waited , or the banker supported the managers ."	The banker supported the managers .	non-entailment
"The artists slept , or the senators ran ."	The senators ran .	non-entailment
"The senators resigned , or the doctor saw the artist ."	The senators resigned .	non-entailment
"The artists called the tourists , or the authors avoided the banker ."	The artists called the tourists .	non-entailment
"The managers helped the bankers , or the lawyer arrived ."	The lawyer arrived .	non-entailment
"The scientist recommended the judges , or the secretaries encouraged the tourist ."	The scientist recommended the judges .	non-entailment
"The student contacted the doctors , or the senators resigned ."	The senators resigned .	non-entailment
"The tourists admired the professor , or the artist thanked the manager ."	The artist thanked the manager .	non-entailment
"The senator recognized the manager , or the president ran ."	The senator recognized the manager .	non-entailment
"The senators waited , or the judge slept ."	The senators waited .	non-entailment
"The secretary admired the professor , or the senator waited ."	The senator waited .	non-entailment
"The doctor mentioned the tourists , or the senators helped the professors ."	The senators helped the professors .	non-entailment
"The tourists recognized the scientists , or the senators recommended the authors ."	The senators recommended the authors .	non-entailment
"The actors slept , or the students believed the doctors ."	The actors slept .	non-entailment
"The tourists encouraged the senator , or the secretary performed ."	The secretary performed .	non-entailment
"The athletes waited , or the secretary danced ."	The athletes waited .	non-entailment
"The tourists encouraged the bankers , or the president arrived ."	The tourists encouraged the bankers .	non-entailment
"The tourist introduced the artist , or the banker shouted ."	The banker shouted .	non-entailment
"The banker recommended the judges , or the secretary stopped the lawyers ."	The banker recommended the judges .	non-entailment
"The athlete supported the artists , or the author thanked the managers ."	The author thanked the managers .	non-entailment
"The judges believed the lawyer , or the athletes supported the doctors ."	The judges believed the lawyer .	non-entailment
"The senators admired the managers , or the banker recommended the actor ."	The senators admired the managers .	non-entailment
"The senator avoided the student , or the lawyer thanked the judges ."	The senator avoided the student .	non-entailment
"The lawyers danced , or the senators waited ."	The senators waited .	non-entailment
"The judge called the presidents , or the tourist supported the professors ."	The judge called the presidents .	non-entailment
"The bankers contacted the secretaries , or the artist mentioned the scientists ."	The bankers contacted the secretaries .	non-entailment
"The doctors waited , or the athletes recommended the banker ."	The doctors waited .	non-entailment
"The presidents recognized the actor , or the manager performed ."	The manager performed .	non-entailment
"The manager contacted the tourist , or the athletes saw the secretaries ."	The manager contacted the tourist .	non-entailment
"The tourist danced , or the secretaries ran ."	The tourist danced .	non-entailment
"The secretary admired the authors , or the bankers stopped the presidents ."	The secretary admired the authors .	non-entailment
"The senators waited , or the artist danced ."	The artist danced .	non-entailment
"The scientist shouted , or the professor resigned ."	The scientist shouted .	non-entailment
"The senators encouraged the artists , or the secretary performed ."	The secretary performed .	non-entailment
"The lawyers contacted the secretary , or the tourist saw the judges ."	The tourist saw the judges .	non-entailment
"The manager avoided the lawyer , or the senator recognized the scientists ."	The senator recognized the scientists .	non-entailment
"The actor performed , or the student shouted ."	The actor performed .	non-entailment
"The artists recommended the tourist , or the lawyers supported the scientist ."	The lawyers supported the scientist .	non-entailment
"The students ran , or the presidents saw the senator ."	The presidents saw the senator .	non-entailment
"The athletes admired the senator , or the artist performed ."	The athletes admired the senator .	non-entailment
"The secretaries performed , or the athletes supported the actors ."	The athletes supported the actors .	non-entailment
"The doctor admired the scientists , or the judge saw the athlete ."	The doctor admired the scientists .	non-entailment
"The secretary encouraged the professors , or the banker supported the actor ."	The banker supported the actor .	non-entailment
"The artist helped the banker , or the managers admired the actor ."	The artist helped the banker .	non-entailment
"The secretary performed , or the presidents admired the senator ."	The presidents admired the senator .	non-entailment
"The doctor arrived , or the president resigned ."	The doctor arrived .	non-entailment
"The athlete recommended the actor , or the managers arrived ."	The athlete recommended the actor .	non-entailment
"The senators performed , or the banker mentioned the lawyers ."	The senators performed .	non-entailment
"The banker believed the tourist , or the secretaries arrived ."	The banker believed the tourist .	non-entailment
"The students mentioned the athlete , or the artist performed ."	The artist performed .	non-entailment
"The senator encouraged the secretary , or the president arrived ."	The senator encouraged the secretary .	non-entailment
"The students ran , or the bankers arrived ."	The students ran .	non-entailment
"The doctor contacted the author , or the senators slept ."	The doctor contacted the author .	non-entailment
"The banker recommended the tourists , or the lawyer resigned ."	The lawyer resigned .	non-entailment
"The artist waited , or the professors advised the scientist ."	The artist waited .	non-entailment
"The presidents performed , or the artists ran ."	The presidents performed .	non-entailment
"The artists thanked the professors , or the lawyers recognized the tourists ."	The lawyers recognized the tourists .	non-entailment
"The lawyer avoided the tourists , or the scientist contacted the doctors ."	The lawyer avoided the tourists .	non-entailment
"The manager stopped the lawyer , or the secretary arrived ."	The manager stopped the lawyer .	non-entailment
"The president recommended the managers , or the author resigned ."	The author resigned .	non-entailment
"The athlete stopped the actor , or the judge helped the senator ."	The athlete stopped the actor .	non-entailment
"The authors called the scientist , or the judge mentioned the secretaries ."	The authors called the scientist .	non-entailment
"The students admired the judges , or the lawyers believed the professor ."	The lawyers believed the professor .	non-entailment
"The secretary recommended the actor , or the managers danced ."	The secretary recommended the actor .	non-entailment
"The presidents introduced the scientist , or the author called the actors ."	The presidents introduced the scientist .	non-entailment
"The bankers ran , or the professors arrived ."	The bankers ran .	non-entailment
"The secretary advised the athlete , or the senator recognized the actor ."	The senator recognized the actor .	non-entailment
"The actor avoided the authors , or the judge admired the athletes ."	The actor avoided the authors .	non-entailment
"The artist stopped the judge , or the banker slept ."	The artist stopped the judge .	non-entailment
"The athletes performed , or the doctors called the lawyers ."	The athletes performed .	non-entailment
"The judge ran , or the actors called the president ."	The actors called the president .	non-entailment
"The scientists believed the secretaries , or the professor ran ."	The professor ran .	non-entailment
"The bankers admired the doctor , or the authors thanked the athlete ."	The authors thanked the athlete .	non-entailment
"The student waited , or the actors slept ."	The actors slept .	non-entailment
"The students thanked the actor , or the athletes ran ."	The students thanked the actor .	non-entailment
"The artists mentioned the banker , or the athletes advised the managers ."	The athletes advised the managers .	non-entailment
"The judge saw the doctor , or the president introduced the actors ."	The president introduced the actors .	non-entailment
"The doctors contacted the banker , or the tourist stopped the presidents ."	The tourist stopped the presidents .	non-entailment
"The secretary recommended the judge , or the doctors arrived ."	The doctors arrived .	non-entailment
"The managers arrived , or the actor contacted the secretary ."	The managers arrived .	non-entailment
"The doctors advised the managers , or the banker saw the professor ."	The banker saw the professor .	non-entailment
"The tourists recognized the secretary , or the actors ran ."	The actors ran .	non-entailment
"The bankers avoided the scientist , or the students arrived ."	The students arrived .	non-entailment
"The athletes introduced the banker , or the scientists thanked the senators ."	The athletes introduced the banker .	non-entailment
"The senators saw the scientists , or the secretary introduced the students ."	The secretary introduced the students .	non-entailment
"The bankers admired the lawyers , or the actors shouted ."	The actors shouted .	non-entailment
"The professors introduced the secretary , or the lawyer called the artist ."	The professors introduced the secretary .	non-entailment
"The doctor recognized the artists , or the athlete saw the scientist ."	The doctor recognized the artists .	non-entailment
"The actor mentioned the student , or the judge introduced the president ."	The actor mentioned the student .	non-entailment
"The authors believed the student , or the athlete admired the presidents ."	The authors believed the student .	non-entailment
"The president resigned , or the manager ran ."	The manager ran .	non-entailment
"The manager supported the secretary , or the professor ran ."	The manager supported the secretary .	non-entailment
"The tourist performed , or the bankers encouraged the actor ."	The bankers encouraged the actor .	non-entailment
"The presidents recommended the secretaries , or the author resigned ."	The presidents recommended the secretaries .	non-entailment
"The lawyers advised the doctor , or the managers waited ."	The managers waited .	non-entailment
"The senator believed the artist , or the manager waited ."	The senator believed the artist .	non-entailment
"The artists recommended the scientists , or the bankers encouraged the authors ."	The bankers encouraged the authors .	non-entailment
"The presidents arrived , or the banker believed the artist ."	The presidents arrived .	non-entailment
"The banker encouraged the authors , or the president shouted ."	The banker encouraged the authors .	non-entailment
"The actors waited , or the scientist admired the secretary ."	The scientist admired the secretary .	non-entailment
"The doctor introduced the president , or the scientists recognized the students ."	The scientists recognized the students .	non-entailment
"The tourist waited , or the secretary recommended the presidents ."	The tourist waited .	non-entailment
"The lawyer stopped the scientist , or the secretaries supported the bankers ."	The secretaries supported the bankers .	non-entailment
"The professors helped the scientists , or the students slept ."	The students slept .	non-entailment
"The secretaries introduced the professors , or the tourist thanked the judges ."	The tourist thanked the judges .	non-entailment
"The senator called the president , or the scientist waited ."	The scientist waited .	non-entailment
"The tourists mentioned the artists , or the authors waited ."	The authors waited .	non-entailment
"The professors waited , or the scientist performed ."	The professors waited .	non-entailment
"The artists performed , or the tourists contacted the author ."	The tourists contacted the author .	non-entailment
"The secretaries arrived , or the manager encouraged the tourist ."	The manager encouraged the tourist .	non-entailment
"The secretaries arrived , or the athletes called the bankers ."	The secretaries arrived .	non-entailment
"The actors encouraged the student , or the professors arrived ."	The professors arrived .	non-entailment
"The scientist ran , or the doctor stopped the artist ."	The scientist ran .	non-entailment
"The secretaries contacted the president , or the professor admired the artists ."	The secretaries contacted the president .	non-entailment
"The doctor thanked the professor , or the judges recommended the athlete ."	The judges recommended the athlete .	non-entailment
"The artist contacted the actor , or the tourists danced ."	The tourists danced .	non-entailment
"The artist helped the tourist , or the manager waited ."	The artist helped the tourist .	non-entailment
"The bankers recognized the manager , or the judge avoided the actor ."	The judge avoided the actor .	non-entailment
"The actors waited , or the managers recommended the professor ."	The actors waited .	non-entailment
"The banker recognized the judge , or the president contacted the students ."	The president contacted the students .	non-entailment
"The bankers introduced the scientists , or the secretary ran ."	The secretary ran .	non-entailment
"The manager stopped the student , or the doctor recommended the athlete ."	The manager stopped the student .	non-entailment
"The tourist arrived , or the president contacted the artists ."	The president contacted the artists .	non-entailment
"The professors saw the students , or the secretaries recommended the tourists ."	The professors saw the students .	non-entailment
"The senators supported the tourist , or the secretary contacted the lawyer ."	The senators supported the tourist .	non-entailment
"The president shouted , or the bankers danced ."	The president shouted .	non-entailment
"The bankers called the tourist , or the athletes encouraged the scientist ."	The athletes encouraged the scientist .	non-entailment
"The senator supported the tourist , or the professors advised the president ."	The senator supported the tourist .	non-entailment
"The managers saw the students , or the bankers ran ."	The managers saw the students .	non-entailment
"The president helped the author , or the scientist contacted the senator ."	The president helped the author .	non-entailment
"The professor stopped the managers , or the athlete introduced the presidents ."	The athlete introduced the presidents .	non-entailment
"The authors admired the student , or the senator helped the professors ."	The authors admired the student .	non-entailment
"The judges thanked the athletes , or the manager recognized the presidents ."	The manager recognized the presidents .	non-entailment
"The lawyers resigned , or the bankers advised the doctors ."	The lawyers resigned .	non-entailment
"The lawyer arrived , or the presidents ran ."	The lawyer arrived .	non-entailment
"The scientists encouraged the bankers , or the doctor called the judges ."	The doctor called the judges .	non-entailment
"The president advised the students , or the senator introduced the secretary ."	The president advised the students .	non-entailment
"The actors slept , or the judges shouted ."	The judges shouted .	non-entailment
"The actor arrived , or the artists encouraged the doctor ."	The artists encouraged the doctor .	non-entailment
"The secretary danced , or the actor recognized the banker ."	The actor recognized the banker .	non-entailment
"The banker resigned , or the students encouraged the professor ."	The students encouraged the professor .	non-entailment
"The athletes ran , or the lawyer advised the actor ."	The athletes ran .	non-entailment
"The professor recommended the scientist , or the lawyers admired the banker ."	The professor recommended the scientist .	non-entailment
"The secretary performed , or the judges arrived ."	The judges arrived .	non-entailment
"The scientist saw the doctor , or the judge waited ."	The judge waited .	non-entailment
"The judges introduced the author , or the actor encouraged the manager ."	The actor encouraged the manager .	non-entailment
"The banker danced , or the presidents supported the manager ."	The presidents supported the manager .	non-entailment
"The banker introduced the tourists , or the artist slept ."	The banker introduced the tourists .	non-entailment
"The judge recognized the bankers , or the secretary danced ."	The secretary danced .	non-entailment
"The banker encouraged the manager , or the artist recommended the tourist ."	The artist recommended the tourist .	non-entailment
"The actor avoided the student , or the artist saw the managers ."	The actor avoided the student .	non-entailment
"The lawyer recommended the actors , or the artist arrived ."	The artist arrived .	non-entailment
"The student ran , or the senator arrived ."	The student ran .	non-entailment
"The senators called the judges , or the actors resigned ."	The senators called the judges .	non-entailment
"The scientist thanked the artist , or the doctors resigned ."	The doctors resigned .	non-entailment
"The scientist helped the actors , or the president thanked the lawyers ."	The scientist helped the actors .	non-entailment
"The secretaries slept , or the banker avoided the manager ."	The banker avoided the manager .	non-entailment
"The presidents contacted the scientist , or the secretaries encouraged the doctor ."	The secretaries encouraged the doctor .	non-entailment
"The doctors danced , or the actors advised the student ."	The doctors danced .	non-entailment
"The banker performed , or the author saw the artists ."	The author saw the artists .	non-entailment
"The secretary supported the lawyers , or the artists contacted the banker ."	The secretary supported the lawyers .	non-entailment
"The professor ran , or the secretary danced ."	The professor ran .	non-entailment
"The tourist waited , or the doctors advised the senators ."	The doctors advised the senators .	non-entailment
"The banker resigned , or the senator recommended the athletes ."	The banker resigned .	non-entailment
"The banker arrived , or the judges danced ."	The judges danced .	non-entailment
"The senator called the judges , or the secretaries danced ."	The senator called the judges .	non-entailment
"The athletes saw the tourists , or the judge encouraged the author ."	The judge encouraged the author .	non-entailment
"The students slept , or the manager danced ."	The manager danced .	non-entailment
"The students saw the managers , or the artist danced ."	The students saw the managers .	non-entailment
"The actor avoided the judges , or the senator helped the presidents ."	The actor avoided the judges .	non-entailment
"The artists thanked the tourists , or the banker mentioned the student ."	The banker mentioned the student .	non-entailment
"The student danced , or the doctor contacted the president ."	The student danced .	non-entailment
"The judge mentioned the senator , or the doctors avoided the scientists ."	The doctors avoided the scientists .	non-entailment
"The athletes helped the professor , or the authors danced ."	The authors danced .	non-entailment
"The judge stopped the professors , or the banker thanked the lawyers ."	The banker thanked the lawyers .	non-entailment
"The actor admired the secretaries , or the students believed the tourist ."	The students believed the tourist .	non-entailment
"The scientist recognized the secretary , or the managers slept ."	The managers slept .	non-entailment
"The scientists recommended the professors , or the actors mentioned the author ."	The actors mentioned the author .	non-entailment
"The student mentioned the managers , or the authors slept ."	The student mentioned the managers .	non-entailment
"The senators helped the manager , or the professors slept ."	The professors slept .	non-entailment
"The president danced , or the manager slept ."	The manager slept .	non-entailment
"The presidents stopped the athlete , or the doctors shouted ."	The doctors shouted .	non-entailment
"The actors arrived , or the secretaries slept ."	The actors arrived .	non-entailment
"The secretary recommended the author , or the artist stopped the scientists ."	The artist stopped the scientists .	non-entailment
"The presidents encouraged the tourist , or the athlete advised the bankers ."	The presidents encouraged the tourist .	non-entailment
"The authors encouraged the judge , or the students thanked the doctors ."	The students thanked the doctors .	non-entailment
"The athlete saw the judge , or the tourists mentioned the author ."	The athlete saw the judge .	non-entailment
"The doctors saw the tourists , or the senator ran ."	The doctors saw the tourists .	non-entailment
"The athletes helped the manager , or the actors recognized the presidents ."	The athletes helped the manager .	non-entailment
"The banker avoided the secretaries , or the professor contacted the doctors ."	The banker avoided the secretaries .	non-entailment
"The athletes contacted the scientist , or the judges ran ."	The judges ran .	non-entailment
"The senators called the president , or the secretaries slept ."	The senators called the president .	non-entailment
"The bankers slept , or the president supported the actors ."	The bankers slept .	non-entailment
"The managers admired the lawyers , or the author supported the artists ."	The author supported the artists .	non-entailment
"The actors performed , or the scientists ran ."	The actors performed .	non-entailment
"The students avoided the authors , or the actors introduced the tourists ."	The students avoided the authors .	non-entailment
"The scientist helped the artists , or the professors waited ."	The scientist helped the artists .	non-entailment
"The student introduced the tourist , or the bankers waited ."	The bankers waited .	non-entailment
"The athletes encouraged the student , or the tourists thanked the managers ."	The athletes encouraged the student .	non-entailment
"The athlete admired the lawyers , or the actor contacted the presidents ."	The athlete admired the lawyers .	non-entailment
"The professors helped the tourists , or the presidents advised the actors ."	The presidents advised the actors .	non-entailment
"The managers resigned , or the actors arrived ."	The managers resigned .	non-entailment
"The professors advised the lawyers , or the president mentioned the actor ."	The professors advised the lawyers .	non-entailment
"The actor danced , or the student admired the judge ."	The student admired the judge .	non-entailment
"The senator advised the tourist , or the scientists thanked the lawyers ."	The scientists thanked the lawyers .	non-entailment
"The tourists thanked the athletes , or the senators slept ."	The senators slept .	non-entailment
"The banker believed the lawyers , or the students performed ."	The banker believed the lawyers .	non-entailment
"The presidents resigned , or the senator performed ."	The senator performed .	non-entailment
"The professors slept , or the tourists called the actors ."	The tourists called the actors .	non-entailment
"The secretaries mentioned the senator , or the actor avoided the tourists ."	The actor avoided the tourists .	non-entailment
"The presidents shouted , or the judge danced ."	The judge danced .	non-entailment
"The artists stopped the manager , or the bankers waited ."	The bankers waited .	non-entailment
"The artist advised the doctor , or the authors admired the students ."	The artist advised the doctor .	non-entailment
"The manager danced , or the actor performed ."	The actor performed .	non-entailment
"The artists ran , or the senators called the scientists ."	The artists ran .	non-entailment
"The professors waited , or the scientist recognized the athlete ."	The professors waited .	non-entailment
"The secretary introduced the professor , or the presidents waited ."	The presidents waited .	non-entailment
"The authors avoided the presidents , or the student shouted ."	The student shouted .	non-entailment
"The scientist resigned , or the secretaries advised the president ."	The scientist resigned .	non-entailment
"The secretary recommended the bankers , or the author shouted ."	The secretary recommended the bankers .	non-entailment
"The student recommended the author , or the presidents believed the managers ."	The student recommended the author .	non-entailment
"The actors contacted the president , or the lawyers recommended the managers ."	The lawyers recommended the managers .	non-entailment
"The artists slept , or the president contacted the senator ."	The artists slept .	non-entailment
"The manager supported the lawyers , or the secretaries performed ."	The secretaries performed .	non-entailment
"The banker helped the tourists , or the president slept ."	The president slept .	non-entailment
"The presidents performed , or the scientists waited ."	The scientists waited .	non-entailment
"The lawyer mentioned the judges , or the artists recommended the athlete ."	The artists recommended the athlete .	non-entailment
"The presidents ran , or the artists recognized the manager ."	The presidents ran .	non-entailment
"The banker saw the student , or the manager believed the artist ."	The banker saw the student .	non-entailment
"The banker avoided the authors , or the judge introduced the secretaries ."	The banker avoided the authors .	non-entailment
"The president performed , or the authors recommended the senator ."	The authors recommended the senator .	non-entailment
Hopefully the presidents introduced the doctors .	The presidents introduced the doctors .	non-entailment
Probably the athletes slept .	The athletes slept .	non-entailment
Maybe the author recommended the senators .	The author recommended the senators .	non-entailment
Maybe the scientist admired the lawyers .	The scientist admired the lawyers .	non-entailment
Probably the scientists recommended the artist .	The scientists recommended the artist .	non-entailment
Maybe the professor shouted .	The professor shouted .	non-entailment
Maybe the scientist stopped the artists .	The scientist stopped the artists .	non-entailment
Probably the artists saw the authors .	The artists saw the authors .	non-entailment
Probably the scientist ran .	The scientist ran .	non-entailment
Hopefully the actors encouraged the student .	The actors encouraged the student .	non-entailment
Maybe the managers slept .	The managers slept .	non-entailment
Hopefully the doctor advised the bankers .	The doctor advised the bankers .	non-entailment
Maybe the lawyers encouraged the actor .	The lawyers encouraged the actor .	non-entailment
Supposedly the judge danced .	The judge danced .	non-entailment
Supposedly the president stopped the athletes .	The president stopped the athletes .	non-entailment
Supposedly the doctor shouted .	The doctor shouted .	non-entailment
Supposedly the actors saw the student .	The actors saw the student .	non-entailment
Hopefully the banker recommended the artists .	The banker recommended the artists .	non-entailment
Hopefully the athlete waited .	The athlete waited .	non-entailment
Probably the actor recognized the tourist .	The actor recognized the tourist .	non-entailment
Supposedly the president arrived .	The president arrived .	non-entailment
Probably the professor helped the judges .	The professor helped the judges .	non-entailment
Supposedly the athlete slept .	The athlete slept .	non-entailment
Probably the secretaries waited .	The secretaries waited .	non-entailment
Hopefully the tourists believed the students .	The tourists believed the students .	non-entailment
Supposedly the president admired the senators .	The president admired the senators .	non-entailment
Supposedly the student shouted .	The student shouted .	non-entailment
Supposedly the doctor performed .	The doctor performed .	non-entailment
Supposedly the managers resigned .	The managers resigned .	non-entailment
Hopefully the scientists thanked the banker .	The scientists thanked the banker .	non-entailment
Probably the secretaries called the judge .	The secretaries called the judge .	non-entailment
Maybe the senators danced .	The senators danced .	non-entailment
Probably the authors danced .	The authors danced .	non-entailment
Probably the secretary admired the athlete .	The secretary admired the athlete .	non-entailment
Hopefully the secretaries mentioned the doctors .	The secretaries mentioned the doctors .	non-entailment
Maybe the judge resigned .	The judge resigned .	non-entailment
Maybe the lawyer advised the banker .	The lawyer advised the banker .	non-entailment
Maybe the professor called the bankers .	The professor called the bankers .	non-entailment
Probably the artists danced .	The artists danced .	non-entailment
Probably the artists performed .	The artists performed .	non-entailment
Probably the lawyers encouraged the artist .	The lawyers encouraged the artist .	non-entailment
Maybe the manager contacted the authors .	The manager contacted the authors .	non-entailment
Supposedly the actors helped the secretary .	The actors helped the secretary .	non-entailment
Hopefully the secretaries arrived .	The secretaries arrived .	non-entailment
Probably the judge waited .	The judge waited .	non-entailment
Hopefully the doctors mentioned the managers .	The doctors mentioned the managers .	non-entailment
Probably the doctor slept .	The doctor slept .	non-entailment
Probably the tourist admired the artists .	The tourist admired the artists .	non-entailment
Supposedly the president shouted .	The president shouted .	non-entailment
Maybe the professor waited .	The professor waited .	non-entailment
Hopefully the bankers shouted .	The bankers shouted .	non-entailment
Probably the scientists slept .	The scientists slept .	non-entailment
Probably the students resigned .	The students resigned .	non-entailment
Hopefully the senators believed the professors .	The senators believed the professors .	non-entailment
Supposedly the authors called the senator .	The authors called the senator .	non-entailment
Maybe the athletes avoided the artists .	The athletes avoided the artists .	non-entailment
Supposedly the bankers shouted .	The bankers shouted .	non-entailment
Hopefully the tourist recognized the managers .	The tourist recognized the managers .	non-entailment
Hopefully the presidents recommended the actor .	The presidents recommended the actor .	non-entailment
Hopefully the author saw the professors .	The author saw the professors .	non-entailment
Hopefully the manager performed .	The manager performed .	non-entailment
Maybe the artist helped the students .	The artist helped the students .	non-entailment
Hopefully the actor avoided the managers .	The actor avoided the managers .	non-entailment
Hopefully the managers performed .	The managers performed .	non-entailment
Probably the secretary believed the tourist .	The secretary believed the tourist .	non-entailment
Probably the bankers encouraged the professors .	The bankers encouraged the professors .	non-entailment
Hopefully the managers thanked the secretaries .	The managers thanked the secretaries .	non-entailment
Maybe the banker danced .	The banker danced .	non-entailment
Supposedly the doctor called the professors .	The doctor called the professors .	non-entailment
Supposedly the actor believed the artists .	The actor believed the artists .	non-entailment
Maybe the bankers ran .	The bankers ran .	non-entailment
Supposedly the athlete advised the actor .	The athlete advised the actor .	non-entailment
Hopefully the professors slept .	The professors slept .	non-entailment
Supposedly the author thanked the student .	The author thanked the student .	non-entailment
Supposedly the athletes ran .	The athletes ran .	non-entailment
Probably the judges waited .	The judges waited .	non-entailment
Maybe the lawyer stopped the tourists .	The lawyer stopped the tourists .	non-entailment
Probably the presidents resigned .	The presidents resigned .	non-entailment
Maybe the actors avoided the bankers .	The actors avoided the bankers .	non-entailment
Maybe the senator stopped the professor .	The senator stopped the professor .	non-entailment
Supposedly the student thanked the artists .	The student thanked the artists .	non-entailment
Supposedly the managers recommended the banker .	The managers recommended the banker .	non-entailment
Maybe the tourist performed .	The tourist performed .	non-entailment
Hopefully the manager slept .	The manager slept .	non-entailment
Hopefully the managers encouraged the tourists .	The managers encouraged the tourists .	non-entailment
Maybe the judge encouraged the secretaries .	The judge encouraged the secretaries .	non-entailment
Hopefully the artists danced .	The artists danced .	non-entailment
Maybe the artist danced .	The artist danced .	non-entailment
Probably the authors performed .	The authors performed .	non-entailment
Maybe the authors contacted the lawyers .	The authors contacted the lawyers .	non-entailment
Hopefully the athlete supported the doctor .	The athlete supported the doctor .	non-entailment
Hopefully the senator advised the bankers .	The senator advised the bankers .	non-entailment
Maybe the presidents recommended the judges .	The presidents recommended the judges .	non-entailment
Probably the actor danced .	The actor danced .	non-entailment
Hopefully the bankers advised the professor .	The bankers advised the professor .	non-entailment
Maybe the scientists thanked the tourist .	The scientists thanked the tourist .	non-entailment
Probably the professors advised the scientists .	The professors advised the scientists .	non-entailment
Probably the authors advised the students .	The authors advised the students .	non-entailment
Hopefully the athletes waited .	The athletes waited .	non-entailment
Supposedly the actor mentioned the professors .	The actor mentioned the professors .	non-entailment
Probably the senators arrived .	The senators arrived .	non-entailment
Maybe the athletes waited .	The athletes waited .	non-entailment
Hopefully the students performed .	The students performed .	non-entailment
Supposedly the manager resigned .	The manager resigned .	non-entailment
Supposedly the bankers believed the lawyer .	The bankers believed the lawyer .	non-entailment
Probably the senator believed the professor .	The senator believed the professor .	non-entailment
Maybe the judges saw the manager .	The judges saw the manager .	non-entailment
Maybe the athlete shouted .	The athlete shouted .	non-entailment
Probably the athlete danced .	The athlete danced .	non-entailment
Probably the actors arrived .	The actors arrived .	non-entailment
Hopefully the student introduced the doctor .	The student introduced the doctor .	non-entailment
Hopefully the president mentioned the authors .	The president mentioned the authors .	non-entailment
Supposedly the artists advised the judges .	The artists advised the judges .	non-entailment
Hopefully the scientist stopped the president .	The scientist stopped the president .	non-entailment
Supposedly the doctor encouraged the managers .	The doctor encouraged the managers .	non-entailment
Maybe the managers arrived .	The managers arrived .	non-entailment
Hopefully the actor believed the tourist .	The actor believed the tourist .	non-entailment
Probably the authors stopped the senator .	The authors stopped the senator .	non-entailment
Probably the senator danced .	The senator danced .	non-entailment
Maybe the manager performed .	The manager performed .	non-entailment
Probably the judge introduced the lawyer .	The judge introduced the lawyer .	non-entailment
Maybe the artists recognized the managers .	The artists recognized the managers .	non-entailment
Probably the artist supported the author .	The artist supported the author .	non-entailment
Probably the tourists thanked the professors .	The tourists thanked the professors .	non-entailment
Supposedly the student waited .	The student waited .	non-entailment
Maybe the professors helped the tourists .	The professors helped the tourists .	non-entailment
Supposedly the scientist encouraged the banker .	The scientist encouraged the banker .	non-entailment
Probably the judges admired the bankers .	The judges admired the bankers .	non-entailment
Probably the senators performed .	The senators performed .	non-entailment
Maybe the artist saw the lawyers .	The artist saw the lawyers .	non-entailment
Supposedly the president resigned .	The president resigned .	non-entailment
Maybe the actor avoided the lawyers .	The actor avoided the lawyers .	non-entailment
Hopefully the athlete performed .	The athlete performed .	non-entailment
Probably the senator waited .	The senator waited .	non-entailment
Supposedly the athletes called the lawyer .	The athletes called the lawyer .	non-entailment
Maybe the author introduced the judges .	The author introduced the judges .	non-entailment
Hopefully the judges avoided the actor .	The judges avoided the actor .	non-entailment
Supposedly the judge advised the tourist .	The judge advised the tourist .	non-entailment
Hopefully the professors believed the banker .	The professors believed the banker .	non-entailment
Probably the lawyers slept .	The lawyers slept .	non-entailment
Hopefully the authors saw the professor .	The authors saw the professor .	non-entailment
Maybe the athlete advised the lawyers .	The athlete advised the lawyers .	non-entailment
Maybe the students avoided the doctor .	The students avoided the doctor .	non-entailment
Hopefully the authors helped the senator .	The authors helped the senator .	non-entailment
Supposedly the scientist avoided the judges .	The scientist avoided the judges .	non-entailment
Probably the student shouted .	The student shouted .	non-entailment
Probably the professors recognized the tourist .	The professors recognized the tourist .	non-entailment
Supposedly the actors avoided the doctors .	The actors avoided the doctors .	non-entailment
Maybe the authors ran .	The authors ran .	non-entailment
Hopefully the artists contacted the senators .	The artists contacted the senators .	non-entailment
Maybe the lawyers called the athletes .	The lawyers called the athletes .	non-entailment
Supposedly the managers believed the author .	The managers believed the author .	non-entailment
Hopefully the presidents believed the doctor .	The presidents believed the doctor .	non-entailment
Maybe the lawyers encouraged the judge .	The lawyers encouraged the judge .	non-entailment
Hopefully the banker contacted the judge .	The banker contacted the judge .	non-entailment
Maybe the actors called the professors .	The actors called the professors .	non-entailment
Supposedly the bankers thanked the tourists .	The bankers thanked the tourists .	non-entailment
Probably the banker contacted the manager .	The banker contacted the manager .	non-entailment
Probably the judges supported the presidents .	The judges supported the presidents .	non-entailment
Hopefully the president arrived .	The president arrived .	non-entailment
Hopefully the doctor resigned .	The doctor resigned .	non-entailment
Supposedly the professors thanked the student .	The professors thanked the student .	non-entailment
Maybe the managers advised the banker .	The managers advised the banker .	non-entailment
Hopefully the athlete ran .	The athlete ran .	non-entailment
Supposedly the president mentioned the senator .	The president mentioned the senator .	non-entailment
Probably the actor arrived .	The actor arrived .	non-entailment
Probably the scientists avoided the tourists .	The scientists avoided the tourists .	non-entailment
Maybe the tourists believed the secretaries .	The tourists believed the secretaries .	non-entailment
Supposedly the tourist avoided the professors .	The tourist avoided the professors .	non-entailment
Probably the author called the athletes .	The author called the athletes .	non-entailment
Maybe the judges admired the manager .	The judges admired the manager .	non-entailment
Supposedly the bankers believed the professors .	The bankers believed the professors .	non-entailment
Probably the actor advised the students .	The actor advised the students .	non-entailment
Probably the author ran .	The author ran .	non-entailment
Supposedly the doctor saw the scientists .	The doctor saw the scientists .	non-entailment
Hopefully the actor waited .	The actor waited .	non-entailment
Hopefully the professors admired the scientist .	The professors admired the scientist .	non-entailment
Hopefully the scientist resigned .	The scientist resigned .	non-entailment
Supposedly the judge resigned .	The judge resigned .	non-entailment
Maybe the athletes thanked the actors .	The athletes thanked the actors .	non-entailment
Maybe the bankers advised the secretaries .	The bankers advised the secretaries .	non-entailment
Hopefully the senator believed the artists .	The senator believed the artists .	non-entailment
Maybe the author shouted .	The author shouted .	non-entailment
Maybe the tourist avoided the doctor .	The tourist avoided the doctor .	non-entailment
Probably the bankers encouraged the manager .	The bankers encouraged the manager .	non-entailment
Supposedly the senator recognized the author .	The senator recognized the author .	non-entailment
Hopefully the student helped the tourist .	The student helped the tourist .	non-entailment
Maybe the secretary avoided the president .	The secretary avoided the president .	non-entailment
Probably the students avoided the actors .	The students avoided the actors .	non-entailment
Hopefully the artists arrived .	The artists arrived .	non-entailment
Supposedly the lawyers thanked the senator .	The lawyers thanked the senator .	non-entailment
Hopefully the scientists stopped the athlete .	The scientists stopped the athlete .	non-entailment
Probably the lawyer recognized the authors .	The lawyer recognized the authors .	non-entailment
Probably the tourists waited .	The tourists waited .	non-entailment
Hopefully the judge supported the actor .	The judge supported the actor .	non-entailment
Hopefully the doctor shouted .	The doctor shouted .	non-entailment
Hopefully the scientist danced .	The scientist danced .	non-entailment
Supposedly the student mentioned the tourist .	The student mentioned the tourist .	non-entailment
Probably the lawyer contacted the artists .	The lawyer contacted the artists .	non-entailment
Probably the presidents arrived .	The presidents arrived .	non-entailment
Maybe the banker advised the tourist .	The banker advised the tourist .	non-entailment
Supposedly the professor admired the secretaries .	The professor admired the secretaries .	non-entailment
Supposedly the athletes advised the judge .	The athletes advised the judge .	non-entailment
Hopefully the student called the judge .	The student called the judge .	non-entailment
Hopefully the secretaries shouted .	The secretaries shouted .	non-entailment
Hopefully the judges mentioned the doctor .	The judges mentioned the doctor .	non-entailment
Supposedly the scientists recommended the bankers .	The scientists recommended the bankers .	non-entailment
Hopefully the lawyer slept .	The lawyer slept .	non-entailment
Supposedly the student called the banker .	The student called the banker .	non-entailment
Maybe the lawyers slept .	The lawyers slept .	non-entailment
Supposedly the senator encouraged the secretary .	The senator encouraged the secretary .	non-entailment
Maybe the scientist introduced the managers .	The scientist introduced the managers .	non-entailment
Hopefully the bankers avoided the managers .	The bankers avoided the managers .	non-entailment
Maybe the athlete believed the president .	The athlete believed the president .	non-entailment
Probably the doctors waited .	The doctors waited .	non-entailment
Maybe the manager supported the scientists .	The manager supported the scientists .	non-entailment
Hopefully the doctors avoided the actor .	The doctors avoided the actor .	non-entailment
Maybe the professor thanked the athletes .	The professor thanked the athletes .	non-entailment
Probably the doctors admired the manager .	The doctors admired the manager .	non-entailment
Probably the lawyers saw the secretary .	The lawyers saw the secretary .	non-entailment
Hopefully the actors stopped the professors .	The actors stopped the professors .	non-entailment
Hopefully the secretary thanked the author .	The secretary thanked the author .	non-entailment
Maybe the banker introduced the senator .	The banker introduced the senator .	non-entailment
Maybe the doctors introduced the lawyer .	The doctors introduced the lawyer .	non-entailment
Supposedly the president introduced the actors .	The president introduced the actors .	non-entailment
Supposedly the tourists waited .	The tourists waited .	non-entailment
Hopefully the tourists advised the managers .	The tourists advised the managers .	non-entailment
Hopefully the professors stopped the actor .	The professors stopped the actor .	non-entailment
Hopefully the scientist performed .	The scientist performed .	non-entailment
Supposedly the authors performed .	The authors performed .	non-entailment
Probably the professor saw the author .	The professor saw the author .	non-entailment
Hopefully the president waited .	The president waited .	non-entailment
Probably the scientists arrived .	The scientists arrived .	non-entailment
Hopefully the manager stopped the artists .	The manager stopped the artists .	non-entailment
Supposedly the tourist danced .	The tourist danced .	non-entailment
Hopefully the actor called the bankers .	The actor called the bankers .	non-entailment
Probably the tourists mentioned the secretaries .	The tourists mentioned the secretaries .	non-entailment
Maybe the doctors shouted .	The doctors shouted .	non-entailment
Maybe the tourist called the professors .	The tourist called the professors .	non-entailment
Probably the doctor performed .	The doctor performed .	non-entailment
Hopefully the banker recommended the presidents .	The banker recommended the presidents .	non-entailment
Hopefully the tourist shouted .	The tourist shouted .	non-entailment
Probably the senator believed the author .	The senator believed the author .	non-entailment
Maybe the senators slept .	The senators slept .	non-entailment
Maybe the professors thanked the secretaries .	The professors thanked the secretaries .	non-entailment
Supposedly the athletes thanked the managers .	The athletes thanked the managers .	non-entailment
Maybe the judge mentioned the artists .	The judge mentioned the artists .	non-entailment
Probably the doctor danced .	The doctor danced .	non-entailment
Maybe the banker called the managers .	The banker called the managers .	non-entailment
Maybe the lawyers contacted the judges .	The lawyers contacted the judges .	non-entailment
Maybe the athlete thanked the secretary .	The athlete thanked the secretary .	non-entailment
Hopefully the senators mentioned the scientists .	The senators mentioned the scientists .	non-entailment
Maybe the doctor shouted .	The doctor shouted .	non-entailment
Supposedly the actor slept .	The actor slept .	non-entailment
Maybe the secretary recognized the bankers .	The secretary recognized the bankers .	non-entailment
Maybe the tourists performed .	The tourists performed .	non-entailment
Probably the presidents recommended the actors .	The presidents recommended the actors .	non-entailment
Maybe the athletes slept .	The athletes slept .	non-entailment
Supposedly the senator waited .	The senator waited .	non-entailment
Hopefully the bankers waited .	The bankers waited .	non-entailment
Hopefully the artists waited .	The artists waited .	non-entailment
Hopefully the doctors shouted .	The doctors shouted .	non-entailment
Hopefully the managers shouted .	The managers shouted .	non-entailment
Maybe the athlete slept .	The athlete slept .	non-entailment
Hopefully the judge supported the senators .	The judge supported the senators .	non-entailment
Probably the lawyers arrived .	The lawyers arrived .	non-entailment
Supposedly the lawyers stopped the manager .	The lawyers stopped the manager .	non-entailment
Maybe the bankers encouraged the tourist .	The bankers encouraged the tourist .	non-entailment
Maybe the scientists stopped the athletes .	The scientists stopped the athletes .	non-entailment
Hopefully the senator performed .	The senator performed .	non-entailment
Hopefully the tourists helped the students .	The tourists helped the students .	non-entailment
Supposedly the tourists recognized the doctors .	The tourists recognized the doctors .	non-entailment
Supposedly the scientists danced .	The scientists danced .	non-entailment
Maybe the secretaries arrived .	The secretaries arrived .	non-entailment
Hopefully the banker arrived .	The banker arrived .	non-entailment
Hopefully the manager resigned .	The manager resigned .	non-entailment
Probably the professors resigned .	The professors resigned .	non-entailment
Hopefully the secretaries stopped the scientists .	The secretaries stopped the scientists .	non-entailment
Hopefully the bankers ran .	The bankers ran .	non-entailment
Hopefully the manager admired the lawyers .	The manager admired the lawyers .	non-entailment
Maybe the students resigned .	The students resigned .	non-entailment
Probably the athletes saw the tourist .	The athletes saw the tourist .	non-entailment
Supposedly the senators supported the athlete .	The senators supported the athlete .	non-entailment
Supposedly the manager stopped the president .	The manager stopped the president .	non-entailment
Hopefully the judge advised the student .	The judge advised the student .	non-entailment
Hopefully the judge mentioned the doctors .	The judge mentioned the doctors .	non-entailment
Probably the bankers thanked the actors .	The bankers thanked the actors .	non-entailment
Maybe the tourist supported the professors .	The tourist supported the professors .	non-entailment
Maybe the actors mentioned the banker .	The actors mentioned the banker .	non-entailment
Maybe the artist slept .	The artist slept .	non-entailment
Supposedly the senator advised the author .	The senator advised the author .	non-entailment
Probably the authors mentioned the scientist .	The authors mentioned the scientist .	non-entailment
Hopefully the professor performed .	The professor performed .	non-entailment
Hopefully the doctors encouraged the bankers .	The doctors encouraged the bankers .	non-entailment
Probably the athlete thanked the professors .	The athlete thanked the professors .	non-entailment
Maybe the doctors resigned .	The doctors resigned .	non-entailment
Supposedly the lawyer believed the tourist .	The lawyer believed the tourist .	non-entailment
Hopefully the authors resigned .	The authors resigned .	non-entailment
Hopefully the judges stopped the artist .	The judges stopped the artist .	non-entailment
Hopefully the scientist recommended the lawyer .	The scientist recommended the lawyer .	non-entailment
Supposedly the manager admired the student .	The manager admired the student .	non-entailment
Supposedly the judges mentioned the lawyers .	The judges mentioned the lawyers .	non-entailment
Probably the bankers avoided the secretary .	The bankers avoided the secretary .	non-entailment
Supposedly the manager arrived .	The manager arrived .	non-entailment
Hopefully the managers introduced the athletes .	The managers introduced the athletes .	non-entailment
Maybe the students saw the professors .	The students saw the professors .	non-entailment
Maybe the lawyer mentioned the president .	The lawyer mentioned the president .	non-entailment
Probably the artists arrived .	The artists arrived .	non-entailment
Supposedly the secretaries arrived .	The secretaries arrived .	non-entailment
Probably the bankers recommended the senator .	The bankers recommended the senator .	non-entailment
Probably the student waited .	The student waited .	non-entailment
Maybe the tourist avoided the senators .	The tourist avoided the senators .	non-entailment
Probably the manager resigned .	The manager resigned .	non-entailment
Probably the students supported the president .	The students supported the president .	non-entailment
Hopefully the lawyer performed .	The lawyer performed .	non-entailment
Maybe the artists contacted the senator .	The artists contacted the senator .	non-entailment
Maybe the senators recognized the doctor .	The senators recognized the doctor .	non-entailment
Supposedly the senator shouted .	The senator shouted .	non-entailment
Supposedly the managers saw the secretary .	The managers saw the secretary .	non-entailment
Maybe the secretary arrived .	The secretary arrived .	non-entailment
Probably the lawyers shouted .	The lawyers shouted .	non-entailment
Maybe the bankers called the student .	The bankers called the student .	non-entailment
Probably the presidents helped the secretary .	The presidents helped the secretary .	non-entailment
Hopefully the artist waited .	The artist waited .	non-entailment
Probably the lawyers recommended the bankers .	The lawyers recommended the bankers .	non-entailment
Maybe the banker helped the lawyer .	The banker helped the lawyer .	non-entailment
Supposedly the lawyers danced .	The lawyers danced .	non-entailment
Probably the athletes supported the tourist .	The athletes supported the tourist .	non-entailment
Maybe the scientists danced .	The scientists danced .	non-entailment
Probably the scientist performed .	The scientist performed .	non-entailment
Maybe the judges shouted .	The judges shouted .	non-entailment
Hopefully the judge danced .	The judge danced .	non-entailment
Probably the professor arrived .	The professor arrived .	non-entailment
Maybe the doctors encouraged the athlete .	The doctors encouraged the athlete .	non-entailment
Hopefully the presidents introduced the banker .	The presidents introduced the banker .	non-entailment
Supposedly the manager recommended the senator .	The manager recommended the senator .	non-entailment
Probably the students recognized the judges .	The students recognized the judges .	non-entailment
Probably the senators encouraged the athletes .	The senators encouraged the athletes .	non-entailment
Supposedly the artists thanked the secretary .	The artists thanked the secretary .	non-entailment
Maybe the secretaries admired the judge .	The secretaries admired the judge .	non-entailment
Probably the doctor mentioned the managers .	The doctor mentioned the managers .	non-entailment
Probably the presidents stopped the professors .	The presidents stopped the professors .	non-entailment
Probably the artist called the banker .	The artist called the banker .	non-entailment
Hopefully the actors believed the managers .	The actors believed the managers .	non-entailment
Maybe the president avoided the secretary .	The president avoided the secretary .	non-entailment
Maybe the actor mentioned the doctor .	The actor mentioned the doctor .	non-entailment
Supposedly the athletes helped the lawyers .	The athletes helped the lawyers .	non-entailment
Maybe the secretaries helped the actor .	The secretaries helped the actor .	non-entailment
Probably the actors ran .	The actors ran .	non-entailment
Maybe the judges recommended the senators .	The judges recommended the senators .	non-entailment
Supposedly the students mentioned the professor .	The students mentioned the professor .	non-entailment
Maybe the lawyer encouraged the president .	The lawyer encouraged the president .	non-entailment
Maybe the lawyers ran .	The lawyers ran .	non-entailment
Maybe the bankers performed .	The bankers performed .	non-entailment
Supposedly the banker recognized the lawyer .	The banker recognized the lawyer .	non-entailment
Probably the managers advised the tourists .	The managers advised the tourists .	non-entailment
Hopefully the presidents shouted .	The presidents shouted .	non-entailment
Supposedly the doctor danced .	The doctor danced .	non-entailment
Probably the actors stopped the senators .	The actors stopped the senators .	non-entailment
Maybe the lawyer introduced the secretaries .	The lawyer introduced the secretaries .	non-entailment
Hopefully the judge helped the bankers .	The judge helped the bankers .	non-entailment
Supposedly the president contacted the senators .	The president contacted the senators .	non-entailment
Hopefully the artists saw the senator .	The artists saw the senator .	non-entailment
Maybe the artists mentioned the athlete .	The artists mentioned the athlete .	non-entailment
Maybe the professors called the bankers .	The professors called the bankers .	non-entailment
Maybe the students performed .	The students performed .	non-entailment
Maybe the artists advised the tourist .	The artists advised the tourist .	non-entailment
Hopefully the professor ran .	The professor ran .	non-entailment
Maybe the students waited .	The students waited .	non-entailment
Probably the secretaries saw the bankers .	The secretaries saw the bankers .	non-entailment
Probably the actors saw the banker .	The actors saw the banker .	non-entailment
Maybe the student encouraged the senators .	The student encouraged the senators .	non-entailment
Hopefully the athlete contacted the banker .	The athlete contacted the banker .	non-entailment
Maybe the doctor introduced the secretaries .	The doctor introduced the secretaries .	non-entailment
Maybe the doctors arrived .	The doctors arrived .	non-entailment
Supposedly the banker danced .	The banker danced .	non-entailment
Hopefully the actors helped the secretaries .	The actors helped the secretaries .	non-entailment
Supposedly the tourists danced .	The tourists danced .	non-entailment
Probably the professor believed the judge .	The professor believed the judge .	non-entailment
Hopefully the manager arrived .	The manager arrived .	non-entailment
Probably the actor resigned .	The actor resigned .	non-entailment
Maybe the senators shouted .	The senators shouted .	non-entailment
Maybe the authors recognized the lawyer .	The authors recognized the lawyer .	non-entailment
Hopefully the secretaries encouraged the senators .	The secretaries encouraged the senators .	non-entailment
Hopefully the doctors helped the senators .	The doctors helped the senators .	non-entailment
Hopefully the doctor mentioned the secretaries .	The doctor mentioned the secretaries .	non-entailment
Supposedly the judge saw the athlete .	The judge saw the athlete .	non-entailment
Maybe the doctor supported the managers .	The doctor supported the managers .	non-entailment
Probably the professors recommended the actor .	The professors recommended the actor .	non-entailment
Hopefully the author supported the artist .	The author supported the artist .	non-entailment
Maybe the bankers shouted .	The bankers shouted .	non-entailment
Maybe the professors stopped the doctors .	The professors stopped the doctors .	non-entailment
Hopefully the student resigned .	The student resigned .	non-entailment
Maybe the doctors mentioned the senators .	The doctors mentioned the senators .	non-entailment
Hopefully the students waited .	The students waited .	non-entailment
Hopefully the judge thanked the manager .	The judge thanked the manager .	non-entailment
Hopefully the tourists contacted the actor .	The tourists contacted the actor .	non-entailment
Hopefully the senator mentioned the scientist .	The senator mentioned the scientist .	non-entailment
Hopefully the scientist mentioned the manager .	The scientist mentioned the manager .	non-entailment
Probably the artists contacted the scientist .	The artists contacted the scientist .	non-entailment
Supposedly the doctors arrived .	The doctors arrived .	non-entailment
Hopefully the secretaries believed the student .	The secretaries believed the student .	non-entailment
Maybe the scientist waited .	The scientist waited .	non-entailment
Supposedly the artist performed .	The artist performed .	non-entailment
Maybe the tourist contacted the managers .	The tourist contacted the managers .	non-entailment
Supposedly the artists recommended the manager .	The artists recommended the manager .	non-entailment
Probably the student believed the professor .	The student believed the professor .	non-entailment
Probably the presidents supported the artists .	The presidents supported the artists .	non-entailment
Supposedly the lawyer slept .	The lawyer slept .	non-entailment
Supposedly the artists admired the scientists .	The artists admired the scientists .	non-entailment
Hopefully the artists resigned .	The artists resigned .	non-entailment
Probably the athletes shouted .	The athletes shouted .	non-entailment
Maybe the author arrived .	The author arrived .	non-entailment
Hopefully the students advised the doctors .	The students advised the doctors .	non-entailment
Probably the banker called the authors .	The banker called the authors .	non-entailment
Maybe the senator advised the managers .	The senator advised the managers .	non-entailment
Hopefully the doctor called the banker .	The doctor called the banker .	non-entailment
Probably the athlete recognized the senator .	The athlete recognized the senator .	non-entailment
Hopefully the student supported the judges .	The student supported the judges .	non-entailment
Supposedly the students performed .	The students performed .	non-entailment
Supposedly the artist recognized the senators .	The artist recognized the senators .	non-entailment
Maybe the athlete performed .	The athlete performed .	non-entailment
Supposedly the author mentioned the artists .	The author mentioned the artists .	non-entailment
Hopefully the professors ran .	The professors ran .	non-entailment
Hopefully the doctors resigned .	The doctors resigned .	non-entailment
Hopefully the manager introduced the professor .	The manager introduced the professor .	non-entailment
Supposedly the senators arrived .	The senators arrived .	non-entailment
Supposedly the scientists thanked the secretary .	The scientists thanked the secretary .	non-entailment
Supposedly the authors called the student .	The authors called the student .	non-entailment
Maybe the manager recognized the senator .	The manager recognized the senator .	non-entailment
Probably the author called the tourist .	The author called the tourist .	non-entailment
Supposedly the doctor helped the lawyers .	The doctor helped the lawyers .	non-entailment
Supposedly the tourist contacted the author .	The tourist contacted the author .	non-entailment
Maybe the professors avoided the president .	The professors avoided the president .	non-entailment
Hopefully the banker contacted the senators .	The banker contacted the senators .	non-entailment
Hopefully the artist believed the tourists .	The artist believed the tourists .	non-entailment
Maybe the actor stopped the president .	The actor stopped the president .	non-entailment
Maybe the author encouraged the banker .	The author encouraged the banker .	non-entailment
Supposedly the students avoided the tourists .	The students avoided the tourists .	non-entailment
Hopefully the professors resigned .	The professors resigned .	non-entailment
Supposedly the student mentioned the artist .	The student mentioned the artist .	non-entailment
Supposedly the author mentioned the tourist .	The author mentioned the tourist .	non-entailment
Supposedly the actors saw the senators .	The actors saw the senators .	non-entailment
Hopefully the judges waited .	The judges waited .	non-entailment
Probably the professor shouted .	The professor shouted .	non-entailment
Supposedly the bankers waited .	The bankers waited .	non-entailment
Maybe the banker advised the lawyer .	The banker advised the lawyer .	non-entailment
Supposedly the actors avoided the lawyers .	The actors avoided the lawyers .	non-entailment
Maybe the professors ran .	The professors ran .	non-entailment
Supposedly the authors recognized the senator .	The authors recognized the senator .	non-entailment
Supposedly the senators supported the authors .	The senators supported the authors .	non-entailment
Supposedly the artists believed the presidents .	The artists believed the presidents .	non-entailment
Maybe the senators contacted the authors .	The senators contacted the authors .	non-entailment
Maybe the athlete helped the managers .	The athlete helped the managers .	non-entailment
Maybe the doctors saw the lawyer .	The doctors saw the lawyer .	non-entailment
Hopefully the senator avoided the students .	The senator avoided the students .	non-entailment
Hopefully the tourist resigned .	The tourist resigned .	non-entailment
Hopefully the athlete stopped the artist .	The athlete stopped the artist .	non-entailment
Probably the senator resigned .	The senator resigned .	non-entailment
Hopefully the artists ran .	The artists ran .	non-entailment
Maybe the doctor danced .	The doctor danced .	non-entailment
Probably the tourist encouraged the senators .	The tourist encouraged the senators .	non-entailment
Hopefully the doctor advised the authors .	The doctor advised the authors .	non-entailment
Hopefully the doctors ran .	The doctors ran .	non-entailment
Hopefully the artists recognized the professors .	The artists recognized the professors .	non-entailment
Maybe the actors resigned .	The actors resigned .	non-entailment
Maybe the student introduced the tourist .	The student introduced the tourist .	non-entailment
Hopefully the lawyer recognized the senator .	The lawyer recognized the senator .	non-entailment
Supposedly the artist helped the authors .	The artist helped the authors .	non-entailment
Maybe the lawyer saw the artist .	The lawyer saw the artist .	non-entailment
Supposedly the actors contacted the lawyer .	The actors contacted the lawyer .	non-entailment
Hopefully the athletes contacted the president .	The athletes contacted the president .	non-entailment
Supposedly the students ran .	The students ran .	non-entailment
Probably the athlete recognized the actor .	The athlete recognized the actor .	non-entailment
Maybe the lawyer introduced the banker .	The lawyer introduced the banker .	non-entailment
Hopefully the author recommended the lawyer .	The author recommended the lawyer .	non-entailment
Probably the judge stopped the actors .	The judge stopped the actors .	non-entailment
Supposedly the tourists slept .	The tourists slept .	non-entailment
Probably the president saw the senators .	The president saw the senators .	non-entailment
Supposedly the professors introduced the doctor .	The professors introduced the doctor .	non-entailment
Probably the author stopped the doctor .	The author stopped the doctor .	non-entailment
Hopefully the tourists slept .	The tourists slept .	non-entailment
Maybe the athletes advised the author .	The athletes advised the author .	non-entailment
Maybe the bankers slept .	The bankers slept .	non-entailment
Probably the authors contacted the judges .	The authors contacted the judges .	non-entailment
Hopefully the actors danced .	The actors danced .	non-entailment
Maybe the artist stopped the judges .	The artist stopped the judges .	non-entailment
Maybe the actors performed .	The actors performed .	non-entailment
Hopefully the manager saw the scientists .	The manager saw the scientists .	non-entailment
Supposedly the secretaries called the banker .	The secretaries called the banker .	non-entailment
Probably the athletes called the authors .	The athletes called the authors .	non-entailment
Supposedly the secretaries resigned .	The secretaries resigned .	non-entailment
Supposedly the tourists contacted the professor .	The tourists contacted the professor .	non-entailment
Probably the judges called the tourist .	The judges called the tourist .	non-entailment
Supposedly the doctors contacted the president .	The doctors contacted the president .	non-entailment
Hopefully the president performed .	The president performed .	non-entailment
Probably the bankers recognized the artist .	The bankers recognized the artist .	non-entailment
Hopefully the banker saw the doctors .	The banker saw the doctors .	non-entailment
Supposedly the doctors mentioned the presidents .	The doctors mentioned the presidents .	non-entailment
Hopefully the professors recommended the scientist .	The professors recommended the scientist .	non-entailment
Supposedly the artists mentioned the lawyer .	The artists mentioned the lawyer .	non-entailment
Hopefully the doctors recognized the authors .	The doctors recognized the authors .	non-entailment
Supposedly the students introduced the scientists .	The students introduced the scientists .	non-entailment
Probably the presidents encouraged the students .	The presidents encouraged the students .	non-entailment
Hopefully the scientists contacted the students .	The scientists contacted the students .	non-entailment
Hopefully the tourists danced .	The tourists danced .	non-entailment
Supposedly the banker avoided the author .	The banker avoided the author .	non-entailment
Probably the athletes danced .	The athletes danced .	non-entailment
Maybe the lawyer called the managers .	The lawyer called the managers .	non-entailment
Probably the judges stopped the athletes .	The judges stopped the athletes .	non-entailment
Hopefully the athletes mentioned the tourist .	The athletes mentioned the tourist .	non-entailment
Probably the athlete encouraged the presidents .	The athlete encouraged the presidents .	non-entailment
Supposedly the presidents arrived .	The presidents arrived .	non-entailment
Hopefully the secretaries saw the artist .	The secretaries saw the artist .	non-entailment
Hopefully the actor resigned .	The actor resigned .	non-entailment
Maybe the lawyer mentioned the artists .	The lawyer mentioned the artists .	non-entailment
Probably the lawyer introduced the secretaries .	The lawyer introduced the secretaries .	non-entailment
Supposedly the actors called the students .	The actors called the students .	non-entailment
Supposedly the managers introduced the professor .	The managers introduced the professor .	non-entailment
Probably the manager advised the senators .	The manager advised the senators .	non-entailment
Supposedly the secretary supported the professors .	The secretary supported the professors .	non-entailment
Maybe the actor encouraged the senator .	The actor encouraged the senator .	non-entailment
Hopefully the doctor waited .	The doctor waited .	non-entailment
Supposedly the athlete recommended the managers .	The athlete recommended the managers .	non-entailment
Supposedly the presidents avoided the lawyers .	The presidents avoided the lawyers .	non-entailment
Probably the author avoided the banker .	The author avoided the banker .	non-entailment
Maybe the banker slept .	The banker slept .	non-entailment
Probably the judges arrived .	The judges arrived .	non-entailment
Supposedly the judges resigned .	The judges resigned .	non-entailment
Probably the bankers called the professor .	The bankers called the professor .	non-entailment
Supposedly the athletes stopped the professor .	The athletes stopped the professor .	non-entailment
Probably the senators ran .	The senators ran .	non-entailment
Supposedly the bankers slept .	The bankers slept .	non-entailment
Maybe the judge shouted .	The judge shouted .	non-entailment
Probably the lawyers thanked the actor .	The lawyers thanked the actor .	non-entailment
Supposedly the tourists advised the actors .	The tourists advised the actors .	non-entailment
Supposedly the students danced .	The students danced .	non-entailment
Probably the lawyers called the banker .	The lawyers called the banker .	non-entailment
Supposedly the lawyer performed .	The lawyer performed .	non-entailment
Supposedly the professor advised the athletes .	The professor advised the athletes .	non-entailment
Probably the tourist helped the presidents .	The tourist helped the presidents .	non-entailment
Probably the scientist saw the judges .	The scientist saw the judges .	non-entailment
Supposedly the artist danced .	The artist danced .	non-entailment
Maybe the professors contacted the secretaries .	The professors contacted the secretaries .	non-entailment
Hopefully the senator slept .	The senator slept .	non-entailment
Maybe the athletes helped the tourist .	The athletes helped the tourist .	non-entailment
Probably the actor avoided the managers .	The actor avoided the managers .	non-entailment
Supposedly the judges admired the scientists .	The judges admired the scientists .	non-entailment
Probably the tourist resigned .	The tourist resigned .	non-entailment
Probably the managers danced .	The managers danced .	non-entailment
Probably the managers supported the student .	The managers supported the student .	non-entailment
Hopefully the authors shouted .	The authors shouted .	non-entailment
Maybe the senators introduced the doctors .	The senators introduced the doctors .	non-entailment
Supposedly the tourists introduced the managers .	The tourists introduced the managers .	non-entailment
Hopefully the manager thanked the judge .	The manager thanked the judge .	non-entailment
Maybe the author avoided the secretary .	The author avoided the secretary .	non-entailment
Hopefully the athletes ran .	The athletes ran .	non-entailment
Maybe the tourist supported the lawyers .	The tourist supported the lawyers .	non-entailment
Maybe the lawyers believed the professor .	The lawyers believed the professor .	non-entailment
Maybe the artist introduced the doctors .	The artist introduced the doctors .	non-entailment
Supposedly the manager contacted the artist .	The manager contacted the artist .	non-entailment
Probably the professor advised the scientists .	The professor advised the scientists .	non-entailment
Hopefully the president resigned .	The president resigned .	non-entailment
Hopefully the secretaries believed the artists .	The secretaries believed the artists .	non-entailment
Supposedly the manager performed .	The manager performed .	non-entailment
Supposedly the tourists performed .	The tourists performed .	non-entailment
Probably the actors performed .	The actors performed .	non-entailment
Maybe the actors mentioned the presidents .	The actors mentioned the presidents .	non-entailment
Supposedly the doctor advised the judges .	The doctor advised the judges .	non-entailment
Supposedly the presidents called the managers .	The presidents called the managers .	non-entailment
Maybe the judge admired the managers .	The judge admired the managers .	non-entailment
Maybe the athletes danced .	The athletes danced .	non-entailment
Maybe the author avoided the lawyers .	The author avoided the lawyers .	non-entailment
Probably the actor believed the manager .	The actor believed the manager .	non-entailment
Probably the judges avoided the scientists .	The judges avoided the scientists .	non-entailment
Supposedly the banker stopped the lawyer .	The banker stopped the lawyer .	non-entailment
Maybe the actors recognized the secretaries .	The actors recognized the secretaries .	non-entailment
Probably the actor mentioned the judges .	The actor mentioned the judges .	non-entailment
Hopefully the senators mentioned the artists .	The senators mentioned the artists .	non-entailment
Maybe the president slept .	The president slept .	non-entailment
Maybe the president resigned .	The president resigned .	non-entailment
Probably the athlete advised the artist .	The athlete advised the artist .	non-entailment
Hopefully the authors ran .	The authors ran .	non-entailment
Hopefully the scientists performed .	The scientists performed .	non-entailment
Supposedly the lawyer believed the senator .	The lawyer believed the senator .	non-entailment
Supposedly the president encouraged the bankers .	The president encouraged the bankers .	non-entailment
Hopefully the judges recommended the students .	The judges recommended the students .	non-entailment
Hopefully the actors contacted the athletes .	The actors contacted the athletes .	non-entailment
Hopefully the secretaries ran .	The secretaries ran .	non-entailment
Probably the secretary recommended the professors .	The secretary recommended the professors .	non-entailment
Maybe the authors admired the professor .	The authors admired the professor .	non-entailment
Hopefully the doctors stopped the secretary .	The doctors stopped the secretary .	non-entailment
Probably the artist stopped the senator .	The artist stopped the senator .	non-entailment
Supposedly the tourist admired the presidents .	The tourist admired the presidents .	non-entailment
Hopefully the actors believed the president .	The actors believed the president .	non-entailment
Maybe the secretaries called the students .	The secretaries called the students .	non-entailment
Supposedly the professor stopped the scientist .	The professor stopped the scientist .	non-entailment
Maybe the judge supported the actor .	The judge supported the actor .	non-entailment
Probably the secretaries resigned .	The secretaries resigned .	non-entailment
Maybe the tourists arrived .	The tourists arrived .	non-entailment
Hopefully the judges performed .	The judges performed .	non-entailment
Maybe the professors encouraged the secretaries .	The professors encouraged the secretaries .	non-entailment
Hopefully the banker danced .	The banker danced .	non-entailment
Hopefully the athletes encouraged the doctors .	The athletes encouraged the doctors .	non-entailment
Maybe the professors believed the senators .	The professors believed the senators .	non-entailment
Hopefully the tourist waited .	The tourist waited .	non-entailment
Supposedly the secretary performed .	The secretary performed .	non-entailment
Supposedly the authors arrived .	The authors arrived .	non-entailment
Hopefully the scientist shouted .	The scientist shouted .	non-entailment
Probably the artist waited .	The artist waited .	non-entailment
Probably the president introduced the managers .	The president introduced the managers .	non-entailment
Supposedly the authors admired the tourist .	The authors admired the tourist .	non-entailment
Supposedly the secretaries waited .	The secretaries waited .	non-entailment
Maybe the doctor mentioned the scientist .	The doctor mentioned the scientist .	non-entailment
Probably the authors introduced the secretaries .	The authors introduced the secretaries .	non-entailment
Hopefully the manager ran .	The manager ran .	non-entailment
Supposedly the actors advised the artist .	The actors advised the artist .	non-entailment
Hopefully the senators advised the professors .	The senators advised the professors .	non-entailment
Supposedly the senator mentioned the author .	The senator mentioned the author .	non-entailment
Hopefully the actors slept .	The actors slept .	non-entailment
Probably the secretaries performed .	The secretaries performed .	non-entailment
Hopefully the lawyers shouted .	The lawyers shouted .	non-entailment
Probably the scientists waited .	The scientists waited .	non-entailment
Probably the judges danced .	The judges danced .	non-entailment
Supposedly the secretary danced .	The secretary danced .	non-entailment
Supposedly the student called the judges .	The student called the judges .	non-entailment
Maybe the managers thanked the lawyers .	The managers thanked the lawyers .	non-entailment
Probably the tourist performed .	The tourist performed .	non-entailment
Maybe the professors supported the manager .	The professors supported the manager .	non-entailment
Supposedly the tourist helped the lawyer .	The tourist helped the lawyer .	non-entailment
Supposedly the student arrived .	The student arrived .	non-entailment
Hopefully the author saw the student .	The author saw the student .	non-entailment
Probably the student slept .	The student slept .	non-entailment
Maybe the athlete called the secretary .	The athlete called the secretary .	non-entailment
Probably the judges avoided the scientist .	The judges avoided the scientist .	non-entailment
Supposedly the judges waited .	The judges waited .	non-entailment
Maybe the lawyer ran .	The lawyer ran .	non-entailment
Supposedly the manager waited .	The manager waited .	non-entailment
Maybe the artists performed .	The artists performed .	non-entailment
Hopefully the actor avoided the author .	The actor avoided the author .	non-entailment
Maybe the authors recommended the doctor .	The authors recommended the doctor .	non-entailment
Supposedly the senator stopped the tourist .	The senator stopped the tourist .	non-entailment
Probably the tourists recommended the president .	The tourists recommended the president .	non-entailment
Maybe the author encouraged the manager .	The author encouraged the manager .	non-entailment
Maybe the lawyers recommended the authors .	The lawyers recommended the authors .	non-entailment
Probably the doctor believed the lawyers .	The doctor believed the lawyers .	non-entailment
Supposedly the senators ran .	The senators ran .	non-entailment
Probably the presidents stopped the lawyer .	The presidents stopped the lawyer .	non-entailment
Probably the secretaries helped the doctors .	The secretaries helped the doctors .	non-entailment
Probably the senators saw the president .	The senators saw the president .	non-entailment
Supposedly the scientists performed .	The scientists performed .	non-entailment
Supposedly the doctor supported the students .	The doctor supported the students .	non-entailment
Maybe the artists contacted the secretary .	The artists contacted the secretary .	non-entailment
Supposedly the senator called the athletes .	The senator called the athletes .	non-entailment
Maybe the president mentioned the athlete .	The president mentioned the athlete .	non-entailment
Probably the scientists resigned .	The scientists resigned .	non-entailment
Probably the author encouraged the tourists .	The author encouraged the tourists .	non-entailment
Supposedly the athletes encouraged the scientists .	The athletes encouraged the scientists .	non-entailment
Hopefully the president saw the student .	The president saw the student .	non-entailment
Hopefully the secretaries contacted the tourists .	The secretaries contacted the tourists .	non-entailment
Maybe the athlete supported the authors .	The athlete supported the authors .	non-entailment
Supposedly the actor called the bankers .	The actor called the bankers .	non-entailment
Supposedly the president mentioned the professor .	The president mentioned the professor .	non-entailment
Probably the actor recognized the students .	The actor recognized the students .	non-entailment
Probably the senators thanked the banker .	The senators thanked the banker .	non-entailment
Hopefully the artists helped the senator .	The artists helped the senator .	non-entailment
Probably the tourist arrived .	The tourist arrived .	non-entailment
Probably the managers thanked the doctors .	The managers thanked the doctors .	non-entailment
Hopefully the secretary shouted .	The secretary shouted .	non-entailment
Hopefully the senators shouted .	The senators shouted .	non-entailment
Hopefully the lawyers performed .	The lawyers performed .	non-entailment
Supposedly the professor recognized the tourist .	The professor recognized the tourist .	non-entailment
Hopefully the scientist slept .	The scientist slept .	non-entailment
Probably the tourists recommended the manager .	The tourists recommended the manager .	non-entailment
Probably the scientist mentioned the lawyer .	The scientist mentioned the lawyer .	non-entailment
Probably the lawyers danced .	The lawyers danced .	non-entailment
Probably the student resigned .	The student resigned .	non-entailment
Hopefully the tourist avoided the senators .	The tourist avoided the senators .	non-entailment
Supposedly the lawyers believed the students .	The lawyers believed the students .	non-entailment
Maybe the scientists encouraged the athlete .	The scientists encouraged the athlete .	non-entailment
Maybe the professors introduced the doctor .	The professors introduced the doctor .	non-entailment
Supposedly the doctors introduced the student .	The doctors introduced the student .	non-entailment
Maybe the doctor thanked the secretary .	The doctor thanked the secretary .	non-entailment
Hopefully the actor recognized the presidents .	The actor recognized the presidents .	non-entailment
Hopefully the students ran .	The students ran .	non-entailment
Supposedly the senator mentioned the tourists .	The senator mentioned the tourists .	non-entailment
Maybe the senator advised the athletes .	The senator advised the athletes .	non-entailment
Supposedly the secretary admired the senator .	The secretary admired the senator .	non-entailment
Maybe the students arrived .	The students arrived .	non-entailment
Supposedly the professor performed .	The professor performed .	non-entailment
Supposedly the professor contacted the author .	The professor contacted the author .	non-entailment
Maybe the artists waited .	The artists waited .	non-entailment
Hopefully the athletes encouraged the tourist .	The athletes encouraged the tourist .	non-entailment
Probably the tourists recommended the bankers .	The tourists recommended the bankers .	non-entailment
Hopefully the scientist ran .	The scientist ran .	non-entailment
Supposedly the actors resigned .	The actors resigned .	non-entailment
Hopefully the professor contacted the tourist .	The professor contacted the tourist .	non-entailment
Probably the manager admired the athlete .	The manager admired the athlete .	non-entailment
Maybe the secretaries called the doctor .	The secretaries called the doctor .	non-entailment
Hopefully the doctors avoided the secretaries .	The doctors avoided the secretaries .	non-entailment
Maybe the professor recognized the judges .	The professor recognized the judges .	non-entailment
Hopefully the doctors introduced the senators .	The doctors introduced the senators .	non-entailment
Maybe the scientist believed the lawyer .	The scientist believed the lawyer .	non-entailment
Hopefully the tourist helped the banker .	The tourist helped the banker .	non-entailment
Supposedly the scientists thanked the lawyers .	The scientists thanked the lawyers .	non-entailment
Maybe the authors danced .	The authors danced .	non-entailment
Probably the tourist waited .	The tourist waited .	non-entailment
Supposedly the president advised the doctor .	The president advised the doctor .	non-entailment
Hopefully the actors saw the lawyers .	The actors saw the lawyers .	non-entailment
Probably the judge avoided the athlete .	The judge avoided the athlete .	non-entailment
Supposedly the tourist thanked the athlete .	The tourist thanked the athlete .	non-entailment
Maybe the professor mentioned the author .	The professor mentioned the author .	non-entailment
Hopefully the professors believed the students .	The professors believed the students .	non-entailment
Hopefully the judge arrived .	The judge arrived .	non-entailment
Probably the doctor saw the authors .	The doctor saw the authors .	non-entailment
Supposedly the secretaries introduced the bankers .	The secretaries introduced the bankers .	non-entailment
Probably the banker danced .	The banker danced .	non-entailment
Maybe the author advised the artists .	The author advised the artists .	non-entailment
Maybe the students encouraged the artist .	The students encouraged the artist .	non-entailment
Supposedly the secretary called the senators .	The secretary called the senators .	non-entailment
Supposedly the secretary slept .	The secretary slept .	non-entailment
Maybe the manager resigned .	The manager resigned .	non-entailment
Probably the secretaries contacted the doctor .	The secretaries contacted the doctor .	non-entailment
Maybe the presidents supported the senator .	The presidents supported the senator .	non-entailment
Hopefully the actor recognized the artists .	The actor recognized the artists .	non-entailment
Maybe the artists slept .	The artists slept .	non-entailment
Probably the doctor admired the tourist .	The doctor admired the tourist .	non-entailment
Probably the banker helped the secretary .	The banker helped the secretary .	non-entailment
Hopefully the managers contacted the banker .	The managers contacted the banker .	non-entailment
Supposedly the author shouted .	The author shouted .	non-entailment
Supposedly the tourists called the secretaries .	The tourists called the secretaries .	non-entailment
Supposedly the students believed the athletes .	The students believed the athletes .	non-entailment
Maybe the lawyers recognized the scientists .	The lawyers recognized the scientists .	non-entailment
Probably the students mentioned the athlete .	The students mentioned the athlete .	non-entailment
Probably the professors advised the actors .	The professors advised the actors .	non-entailment
Hopefully the senators waited .	The senators waited .	non-entailment
Hopefully the lawyer resigned .	The lawyer resigned .	non-entailment
Supposedly the authors stopped the tourists .	The authors stopped the tourists .	non-entailment
Supposedly the athlete saw the artists .	The athlete saw the artists .	non-entailment
Hopefully the actors stopped the professor .	The actors stopped the professor .	non-entailment
Maybe the athlete introduced the scientist .	The athlete introduced the scientist .	non-entailment
Supposedly the artists thanked the lawyers .	The artists thanked the lawyers .	non-entailment
Hopefully the manager shouted .	The manager shouted .	non-entailment
Hopefully the senators performed .	The senators performed .	non-entailment
Probably the president stopped the athlete .	The president stopped the athlete .	non-entailment
Probably the lawyers mentioned the athlete .	The lawyers mentioned the athlete .	non-entailment
Supposedly the senator arrived .	The senator arrived .	non-entailment
Supposedly the athletes recommended the students .	The athletes recommended the students .	non-entailment
Hopefully the president ran .	The president ran .	non-entailment
Supposedly the professor introduced the senator .	The professor introduced the senator .	non-entailment
Probably the scientists encouraged the judges .	The scientists encouraged the judges .	non-entailment
Maybe the authors avoided the professor .	The authors avoided the professor .	non-entailment
Maybe the managers introduced the athlete .	The managers introduced the athlete .	non-entailment
Hopefully the banker ran .	The banker ran .	non-entailment
Probably the bankers avoided the artist .	The bankers avoided the artist .	non-entailment
Supposedly the student supported the president .	The student supported the president .	non-entailment
Maybe the lawyers contacted the artist .	The lawyers contacted the artist .	non-entailment
Probably the secretaries shouted .	The secretaries shouted .	non-entailment
Hopefully the secretaries helped the actors .	The secretaries helped the actors .	non-entailment
Hopefully the doctor recognized the presidents .	The doctor recognized the presidents .	non-entailment
Hopefully the doctor slept .	The doctor slept .	non-entailment
Probably the secretary performed .	The secretary performed .	non-entailment
Probably the scientists introduced the secretary .	The scientists introduced the secretary .	non-entailment
Hopefully the lawyer admired the judge .	The lawyer admired the judge .	non-entailment
Supposedly the banker encouraged the secretaries .	The banker encouraged the secretaries .	non-entailment
Probably the banker slept .	The banker slept .	non-entailment
Maybe the doctor mentioned the athlete .	The doctor mentioned the athlete .	non-entailment
Maybe the student stopped the doctors .	The student stopped the doctors .	non-entailment
Supposedly the senators resigned .	The senators resigned .	non-entailment
Probably the tourists arrived .	The tourists arrived .	non-entailment
Supposedly the professor recognized the president .	The professor recognized the president .	non-entailment
Supposedly the tourist saw the bankers .	The tourist saw the bankers .	non-entailment
Probably the scientist danced .	The scientist danced .	non-entailment
Probably the professors mentioned the athlete .	The professors mentioned the athlete .	non-entailment
Hopefully the manager introduced the scientist .	The manager introduced the scientist .	non-entailment
Supposedly the lawyer resigned .	The lawyer resigned .	non-entailment
Supposedly the doctor advised the author .	The doctor advised the author .	non-entailment
Supposedly the athletes arrived .	The athletes arrived .	non-entailment
Supposedly the banker encouraged the students .	The banker encouraged the students .	non-entailment
Maybe the secretaries ran .	The secretaries ran .	non-entailment
Supposedly the scientists mentioned the secretaries .	The scientists mentioned the secretaries .	non-entailment
Probably the scientists mentioned the author .	The scientists mentioned the author .	non-entailment
Maybe the tourists waited .	The tourists waited .	non-entailment
Hopefully the artist ran .	The artist ran .	non-entailment
Maybe the senator saw the professors .	The senator saw the professors .	non-entailment
Hopefully the senators recognized the artists .	The senators recognized the artists .	non-entailment
Maybe the actor contacted the artists .	The actor contacted the artists .	non-entailment
Probably the students saw the authors .	The students saw the authors .	non-entailment
Supposedly the lawyers resigned .	The lawyers resigned .	non-entailment
Supposedly the professor contacted the actors .	The professor contacted the actors .	non-entailment
Supposedly the secretary stopped the banker .	The secretary stopped the banker .	non-entailment
Hopefully the secretaries slept .	The secretaries slept .	non-entailment
Hopefully the managers believed the authors .	The managers believed the authors .	non-entailment
Maybe the senator slept .	The senator slept .	non-entailment
Maybe the manager recommended the judge .	The manager recommended the judge .	non-entailment
Supposedly the tourists recognized the secretaries .	The tourists recognized the secretaries .	non-entailment
Supposedly the author introduced the athlete .	The author introduced the athlete .	non-entailment
Probably the president resigned .	The president resigned .	non-entailment
Supposedly the senators saw the banker .	The senators saw the banker .	non-entailment
Hopefully the senator encouraged the scientists .	The senator encouraged the scientists .	non-entailment
Probably the scientists ran .	The scientists ran .	non-entailment
Probably the actors called the students .	The actors called the students .	non-entailment
Hopefully the president advised the athlete .	The president advised the athlete .	non-entailment
Probably the senators mentioned the artists .	The senators mentioned the artists .	non-entailment
Supposedly the presidents performed .	The presidents performed .	non-entailment
Probably the lawyers stopped the professor .	The lawyers stopped the professor .	non-entailment
Probably the lawyers supported the actor .	The lawyers supported the actor .	non-entailment
Hopefully the professor advised the actors .	The professor advised the actors .	non-entailment
Maybe the tourist introduced the authors .	The tourist introduced the authors .	non-entailment
Probably the banker ran .	The banker ran .	non-entailment
Probably the judge called the artists .	The judge called the artists .	non-entailment
Probably the professors waited .	The professors waited .	non-entailment
Probably the artist slept .	The artist slept .	non-entailment
Supposedly the secretaries advised the doctors .	The secretaries advised the doctors .	non-entailment
Probably the secretaries thanked the manager .	The secretaries thanked the manager .	non-entailment
Hopefully the president shouted .	The president shouted .	non-entailment
Maybe the judge advised the athlete .	The judge advised the athlete .	non-entailment
Hopefully the scientist stopped the actor .	The scientist stopped the actor .	non-entailment
Supposedly the professors arrived .	The professors arrived .	non-entailment
Supposedly the lawyer mentioned the scientist .	The lawyer mentioned the scientist .	non-entailment
Maybe the athlete believed the artists .	The athlete believed the artists .	non-entailment
Maybe the professor introduced the student .	The professor introduced the student .	non-entailment
Hopefully the doctors recommended the artist .	The doctors recommended the artist .	non-entailment
Supposedly the artist introduced the scientist .	The artist introduced the scientist .	non-entailment
Hopefully the presidents performed .	The presidents performed .	non-entailment
Hopefully the doctor encouraged the senators .	The doctor encouraged the senators .	non-entailment
Maybe the scientist recommended the banker .	The scientist recommended the banker .	non-entailment
Probably the professors recommended the manager .	The professors recommended the manager .	non-entailment
Maybe the doctors supported the artists .	The doctors supported the artists .	non-entailment
Maybe the judges waited .	The judges waited .	non-entailment
Hopefully the actor recommended the athlete .	The actor recommended the athlete .	non-entailment
Maybe the scientists encouraged the actors .	The scientists encouraged the actors .	non-entailment
Hopefully the tourist admired the actor .	The tourist admired the actor .	non-entailment
Maybe the scientists saw the student .	The scientists saw the student .	non-entailment
Supposedly the secretaries recommended the bankers .	The secretaries recommended the bankers .	non-entailment
Maybe the doctors called the judge .	The doctors called the judge .	non-entailment
Supposedly the author thanked the students .	The author thanked the students .	non-entailment
Probably the author danced .	The author danced .	non-entailment
Supposedly the athlete encouraged the artist .	The athlete encouraged the artist .	non-entailment
Supposedly the doctors introduced the professors .	The doctors introduced the professors .	non-entailment
Hopefully the scientists saw the banker .	The scientists saw the banker .	non-entailment
Hopefully the secretaries introduced the tourist .	The secretaries introduced the tourist .	non-entailment
Maybe the managers admired the lawyers .	The managers admired the lawyers .	non-entailment
Probably the scientists avoided the tourist .	The scientists avoided the tourist .	non-entailment
Probably the presidents introduced the professors .	The presidents introduced the professors .	non-entailment
Hopefully the author admired the judge .	The author admired the judge .	non-entailment
Maybe the secretary shouted .	The secretary shouted .	non-entailment
Probably the judge saw the athletes .	The judge saw the athletes .	non-entailment
Maybe the managers helped the doctors .	The managers helped the doctors .	non-entailment
Hopefully the authors contacted the president .	The authors contacted the president .	non-entailment
Hopefully the artist encouraged the tourists .	The artist encouraged the tourists .	non-entailment
Hopefully the senator mentioned the artists .	The senator mentioned the artists .	non-entailment
Maybe the athletes saw the doctor .	The athletes saw the doctor .	non-entailment
Maybe the secretary encouraged the lawyers .	The secretary encouraged the lawyers .	non-entailment
Hopefully the students contacted the author .	The students contacted the author .	non-entailment
Probably the managers ran .	The managers ran .	non-entailment
Supposedly the bankers recommended the judges .	The bankers recommended the judges .	non-entailment
Maybe the lawyer slept .	The lawyer slept .	non-entailment
Hopefully the senators slept .	The senators slept .	non-entailment
Maybe the lawyer saw the president .	The lawyer saw the president .	non-entailment
Maybe the scientist mentioned the secretaries .	The scientist mentioned the secretaries .	non-entailment
Supposedly the actor avoided the bankers .	The actor avoided the bankers .	non-entailment
Probably the secretary waited .	The secretary waited .	non-entailment
Probably the president danced .	The president danced .	non-entailment
Supposedly the scientists waited .	The scientists waited .	non-entailment
Supposedly the scientists ran .	The scientists ran .	non-entailment
Supposedly the judge believed the tourist .	The judge believed the tourist .	non-entailment
Probably the banker contacted the secretaries .	The banker contacted the secretaries .	non-entailment
Hopefully the judge encouraged the students .	The judge encouraged the students .	non-entailment
Probably the president believed the students .	The president believed the students .	non-entailment
Hopefully the banker avoided the authors .	The banker avoided the authors .	non-entailment
Hopefully the tourists mentioned the manager .	The tourists mentioned the manager .	non-entailment
Probably the secretary called the artists .	The secretary called the artists .	non-entailment
Supposedly the tourists helped the actors .	The tourists helped the actors .	non-entailment
Supposedly the scientists avoided the bankers .	The scientists avoided the bankers .	non-entailment
Maybe the author advised the doctor .	The author advised the doctor .	non-entailment
Supposedly the professor mentioned the athletes .	The professor mentioned the athletes .	non-entailment
Supposedly the judges stopped the student .	The judges stopped the student .	non-entailment
Maybe the managers shouted .	The managers shouted .	non-entailment
Hopefully the author ran .	The author ran .	non-entailment
Supposedly the professor called the bankers .	The professor called the bankers .	non-entailment
Supposedly the manager advised the president .	The manager advised the president .	non-entailment
Supposedly the student performed .	The student performed .	non-entailment
Probably the managers recognized the judge .	The managers recognized the judge .	non-entailment
Supposedly the authors advised the lawyer .	The authors advised the lawyer .	non-entailment
Maybe the actor arrived .	The actor arrived .	non-entailment
Maybe the athlete mentioned the tourist .	The athlete mentioned the tourist .	non-entailment
Probably the actors shouted .	The actors shouted .	non-entailment
Probably the doctors recommended the actors .	The doctors recommended the actors .	non-entailment
Supposedly the artist recognized the lawyer .	The artist recognized the lawyer .	non-entailment
Probably the actor mentioned the tourist .	The actor mentioned the tourist .	non-entailment
Supposedly the tourists resigned .	The tourists resigned .	non-entailment
Hopefully the tourists believed the athlete .	The tourists believed the athlete .	non-entailment
Hopefully the tourist avoided the athlete .	The tourist avoided the athlete .	non-entailment
Probably the managers stopped the author .	The managers stopped the author .	non-entailment
Supposedly the lawyers introduced the secretary .	The lawyers introduced the secretary .	non-entailment
Supposedly the managers performed .	The managers performed .	non-entailment
Probably the managers avoided the doctor .	The managers avoided the doctor .	non-entailment
Maybe the secretaries recommended the bankers .	The secretaries recommended the bankers .	non-entailment
Hopefully the manager danced .	The manager danced .	non-entailment
Supposedly the scientists slept .	The scientists slept .	non-entailment
Supposedly the actor ran .	The actor ran .	non-entailment
Hopefully the doctor supported the lawyer .	The doctor supported the lawyer .	non-entailment
Supposedly the professors contacted the banker .	The professors contacted the banker .	non-entailment
Probably the judges admired the athletes .	The judges admired the athletes .	non-entailment
Supposedly the secretary stopped the students .	The secretary stopped the students .	non-entailment
Hopefully the secretaries introduced the managers .	The secretaries introduced the managers .	non-entailment
Hopefully the authors danced .	The authors danced .	non-entailment
Hopefully the banker avoided the students .	The banker avoided the students .	non-entailment
Probably the student avoided the presidents .	The student avoided the presidents .	non-entailment
Probably the tourists recommended the secretaries .	The tourists recommended the secretaries .	non-entailment
Supposedly the authors resigned .	The authors resigned .	non-entailment
Hopefully the lawyer shouted .	The lawyer shouted .	non-entailment
Probably the senator stopped the author .	The senator stopped the author .	non-entailment
Hopefully the senator believed the athlete .	The senator believed the athlete .	non-entailment
Maybe the actor recommended the author .	The actor recommended the author .	non-entailment
Hopefully the lawyers thanked the doctors .	The lawyers thanked the doctors .	non-entailment
Supposedly the doctors supported the lawyer .	The doctors supported the lawyer .	non-entailment
Supposedly the author performed .	The author performed .	non-entailment
Probably the authors shouted .	The authors shouted .	non-entailment
Maybe the actor admired the banker .	The actor admired the banker .	non-entailment
Maybe the scientists called the athlete .	The scientists called the athlete .	non-entailment
Hopefully the presidents resigned .	The presidents resigned .	non-entailment
Maybe the professor thanked the president .	The professor thanked the president .	non-entailment
Supposedly the lawyer avoided the author .	The lawyer avoided the author .	non-entailment
Hopefully the lawyers helped the doctor .	The lawyers helped the doctor .	non-entailment
Probably the banker stopped the judge .	The banker stopped the judge .	non-entailment
Hopefully the artists helped the president .	The artists helped the president .	non-entailment
Maybe the lawyer recognized the secretary .	The lawyer recognized the secretary .	non-entailment
Supposedly the students supported the athletes .	The students supported the athletes .	non-entailment
Supposedly the doctors avoided the senators .	The doctors avoided the senators .	non-entailment
Supposedly the judges danced .	The judges danced .	non-entailment
Hopefully the judge helped the tourist .	The judge helped the tourist .	non-entailment
Maybe the judges resigned .	The judges resigned .	non-entailment
Maybe the lawyers believed the doctor .	The lawyers believed the doctor .	non-entailment
Probably the banker waited .	The banker waited .	non-entailment
Hopefully the artists mentioned the lawyer .	The artists mentioned the lawyer .	non-entailment
Supposedly the authors stopped the athletes .	The authors stopped the athletes .	non-entailment
Probably the managers performed .	The managers performed .	non-entailment
Probably the artists helped the scientist .	The artists helped the scientist .	non-entailment
Probably the athlete waited .	The athlete waited .	non-entailment
Supposedly the actor advised the students .	The actor advised the students .	non-entailment
Hopefully the judges danced .	The judges danced .	non-entailment
Probably the athletes resigned .	The athletes resigned .	non-entailment
Probably the judges thanked the presidents .	The judges thanked the presidents .	non-entailment
Hopefully the judge avoided the lawyers .	The judge avoided the lawyers .	non-entailment
Hopefully the senators contacted the doctors .	The senators contacted the doctors .	non-entailment
Maybe the athlete avoided the tourist .	The athlete avoided the tourist .	non-entailment
Supposedly the secretaries contacted the actor .	The secretaries contacted the actor .	non-entailment
Supposedly the senators supported the lawyers .	The senators supported the lawyers .	non-entailment
Hopefully the judges encouraged the bankers .	The judges encouraged the bankers .	non-entailment
Hopefully the artist introduced the judges .	The artist introduced the judges .	non-entailment
Maybe the senator avoided the doctor .	The senator avoided the doctor .	non-entailment
Maybe the artist supported the bankers .	The artist supported the bankers .	non-entailment
Probably the artists thanked the senator .	The artists thanked the senator .	non-entailment
Supposedly the lawyers contacted the secretary .	The lawyers contacted the secretary .	non-entailment
Supposedly the professor called the judge .	The professor called the judge .	non-entailment
Hopefully the actors mentioned the banker .	The actors mentioned the banker .	non-entailment
Maybe the secretary advised the managers .	The secretary advised the managers .	non-entailment
Probably the senators advised the artist .	The senators advised the artist .	non-entailment
Probably the senator recommended the judge .	The senator recommended the judge .	non-entailment
Maybe the senator recognized the author .	The senator recognized the author .	non-entailment
Probably the banker thanked the actor .	The banker thanked the actor .	non-entailment
Hopefully the doctors danced .	The doctors danced .	non-entailment
Probably the scientist encouraged the professors .	The scientist encouraged the professors .	non-entailment
Supposedly the author avoided the tourist .	The author avoided the tourist .	non-entailment
Supposedly the manager encouraged the tourists .	The manager encouraged the tourists .	non-entailment
Probably the lawyer arrived .	The lawyer arrived .	non-entailment
Probably the senators slept .	The senators slept .	non-entailment
Supposedly the secretary resigned .	The secretary resigned .	non-entailment
Probably the senator saw the students .	The senator saw the students .	non-entailment
Maybe the students recognized the managers .	The students recognized the managers .	non-entailment
Probably the president arrived .	The president arrived .	non-entailment
Hopefully the authors introduced the president .	The authors introduced the president .	non-entailment
Maybe the artists shouted .	The artists shouted .	non-entailment
Supposedly the athlete saw the tourist .	The athlete saw the tourist .	non-entailment
Probably the athletes saw the secretaries .	The athletes saw the secretaries .	non-entailment
Probably the tourist admired the actor .	The tourist admired the actor .	non-entailment
Probably the authors thanked the manager .	The authors thanked the manager .	non-entailment
Hopefully the athlete resigned .	The athlete resigned .	non-entailment
Supposedly the athlete contacted the president .	The athlete contacted the president .	non-entailment
Maybe the tourists supported the secretary .	The tourists supported the secretary .	non-entailment
Hopefully the athlete called the senators .	The athlete called the senators .	non-entailment
Hopefully the author encouraged the managers .	The author encouraged the managers .	non-entailment
Probably the managers saw the athlete .	The managers saw the athlete .	non-entailment
Maybe the doctor ran .	The doctor ran .	non-entailment
Supposedly the author encouraged the doctors .	The author encouraged the doctors .	non-entailment
Supposedly the professors called the judges .	The professors called the judges .	non-entailment
Hopefully the artists encouraged the bankers .	The artists encouraged the bankers .	non-entailment
Probably the author slept .	The author slept .	non-entailment
Maybe the student recommended the judge .	The student recommended the judge .	non-entailment
Hopefully the bankers advised the athlete .	The bankers advised the athlete .	non-entailment
Hopefully the doctors admired the presidents .	The doctors admired the presidents .	non-entailment
Probably the secretaries stopped the doctors .	The secretaries stopped the doctors .	non-entailment
Maybe the professors supported the tourists .	The professors supported the tourists .	non-entailment
Maybe the professors admired the students .	The professors admired the students .	non-entailment
Probably the presidents avoided the bankers .	The presidents avoided the bankers .	non-entailment
Maybe the presidents advised the student .	The presidents advised the student .	non-entailment
Probably the artists resigned .	The artists resigned .	non-entailment
Supposedly the doctors resigned .	The doctors resigned .	non-entailment
"Before the presidents ran , the tourist shouted ."	The presidents ran .	entailment
"Though the doctor recognized the author , the banker supported the lawyers ."	The doctor recognized the author .	entailment
"Although the tourist thanked the student , the judges recommended the athlete ."	The tourist thanked the student .	entailment
"Since the professor arrived , the senator saw the tourist ."	The professor arrived .	entailment
"Because the banker performed , the professors slept ."	The banker performed .	entailment
"Though the authors saw the managers , the banker helped the tourists ."	The authors saw the managers .	entailment
"Because the banker ran , the doctors saw the professors ."	The banker ran .	entailment
"While the artist danced , the presidents performed ."	The artist danced .	entailment
"Though the senator called the judges , the students admired the tourists ."	The senator called the judges .	entailment
"Though the judges waited , the athlete danced ."	The judges waited .	entailment
"After the tourist called the professors , the doctors resigned ."	The tourist called the professors .	entailment
"Before the senator waited , the scientist performed ."	The senator waited .	entailment
"Although the author stopped the judge , the managers slept ."	The author stopped the judge .	entailment
"Although the athlete recognized the student , the president saw the tourist ."	The athlete recognized the student .	entailment
"After the secretaries waited , the presidents slept ."	The secretaries waited .	entailment
"After the doctors ran , the student resigned ."	The doctors ran .	entailment
"Though the artists recommended the bankers , the actors advised the lawyer ."	The artists recommended the bankers .	entailment
"Since the tourist stopped the authors , the manager helped the banker ."	The tourist stopped the authors .	entailment
"Since the authors avoided the senators , the doctors waited ."	The authors avoided the senators .	entailment
"While the doctor contacted the secretaries , the tourist recognized the athlete ."	The doctor contacted the secretaries .	entailment
"Since the senators recognized the artists , the lawyers resigned ."	The senators recognized the artists .	entailment
"After the secretaries supported the athlete , the artists recognized the banker ."	The secretaries supported the athlete .	entailment
"While the scientist slept , the lawyer thanked the actors ."	The scientist slept .	entailment
"After the tourist danced , the student avoided the professors ."	The tourist danced .	entailment
"Because the judges danced , the author introduced the professor ."	The judges danced .	entailment
"Since the senators helped the tourist , the student supported the actors ."	The senators helped the tourist .	entailment
"Since the president shouted , the doctor encouraged the tourists ."	The president shouted .	entailment
"Although the athletes believed the senator , the students recommended the secretary ."	The athletes believed the senator .	entailment
"Because the student danced , the tourist performed ."	The student danced .	entailment
"Although the doctor shouted , the tourist danced ."	The doctor shouted .	entailment
"Though the bankers saw the actor , the scientists resigned ."	The bankers saw the actor .	entailment
"Since the artists called the students , the judges waited ."	The artists called the students .	entailment
"Since the scientists arrived , the lawyer slept ."	The scientists arrived .	entailment
"After the judges slept , the bankers admired the author ."	The judges slept .	entailment
"Before the judges advised the actor , the student mentioned the senators ."	The judges advised the actor .	entailment
"Though the judge avoided the students , the lawyer mentioned the secretary ."	The judge avoided the students .	entailment
"While the senator resigned , the tourist mentioned the secretary ."	The senator resigned .	entailment
"While the tourists recognized the secretaries , the judge helped the banker ."	The tourists recognized the secretaries .	entailment
"Because the bankers avoided the author , the secretaries arrived ."	The bankers avoided the author .	entailment
"Although the banker supported the authors , the scientist waited ."	The banker supported the authors .	entailment
"While the artists stopped the doctors , the president called the student ."	The artists stopped the doctors .	entailment
"Since the tourists danced , the managers avoided the students ."	The tourists danced .	entailment
"While the judge recommended the manager , the actors performed ."	The judge recommended the manager .	entailment
"Since the secretary contacted the actor , the tourists avoided the president ."	The secretary contacted the actor .	entailment
"Because the tourists encouraged the lawyer , the athlete recommended the managers ."	The tourists encouraged the lawyer .	entailment
"Though the artist helped the professors , the president arrived ."	The artist helped the professors .	entailment
"Since the manager arrived , the professor avoided the actors ."	The manager arrived .	entailment
"Though the actor encouraged the banker , the lawyer danced ."	The actor encouraged the banker .	entailment
"Though the doctor called the secretary , the senators shouted ."	The doctor called the secretary .	entailment
"Before the senator avoided the authors , the judges arrived ."	The senator avoided the authors .	entailment
"Although the doctors supported the authors , the lawyers encouraged the actor ."	The doctors supported the authors .	entailment
"Because the managers stopped the bankers , the judges shouted ."	The managers stopped the bankers .	entailment
"Before the judges resigned , the scientists encouraged the manager ."	The judges resigned .	entailment
"Before the banker resigned , the lawyers waited ."	The banker resigned .	entailment
"While the secretary shouted , the actors called the managers ."	The secretary shouted .	entailment
"Though the artists advised the judges , the banker recommended the manager ."	The artists advised the judges .	entailment
"After the doctors called the artist , the judge advised the athlete ."	The doctors called the artist .	entailment
"Though the secretaries resigned , the tourists performed ."	The secretaries resigned .	entailment
"Although the professor advised the students , the artists encouraged the judges ."	The professor advised the students .	entailment
"Though the athletes resigned , the actor admired the artists ."	The athletes resigned .	entailment
"Because the actor shouted , the lawyers encouraged the artist ."	The actor shouted .	entailment
"Before the students avoided the manager , the artist called the author ."	The students avoided the manager .	entailment
"Although the banker introduced the lawyers , the judges avoided the student ."	The banker introduced the lawyers .	entailment
"Because the managers helped the athletes , the secretary contacted the judge ."	The managers helped the athletes .	entailment
"Before the scientist supported the tourists , the actor waited ."	The scientist supported the tourists .	entailment
"Before the professors supported the student , the bankers performed ."	The professors supported the student .	entailment
"While the students resigned , the athletes mentioned the artist ."	The students resigned .	entailment
"While the artist danced , the managers arrived ."	The artist danced .	entailment
"While the lawyer performed , the tourist admired the scientists ."	The lawyer performed .	entailment
"Although the senators waited , the authors resigned ."	The senators waited .	entailment
"Because the actor encouraged the doctor , the lawyer resigned ."	The actor encouraged the doctor .	entailment
"Before the presidents supported the athletes , the managers danced ."	The presidents supported the athletes .	entailment
"Though the tourist resigned , the authors mentioned the judges ."	The tourist resigned .	entailment
"Because the manager helped the actor , the doctors ran ."	The manager helped the actor .	entailment
"Before the doctor mentioned the actors , the professor ran ."	The doctor mentioned the actors .	entailment
"After the senator danced , the doctors supported the artist ."	The senator danced .	entailment
"While the lawyer admired the doctor , the scientist recommended the manager ."	The lawyer admired the doctor .	entailment
"Because the scientist avoided the artist , the athlete ran ."	The scientist avoided the artist .	entailment
"After the doctors shouted , the author helped the banker ."	The doctors shouted .	entailment
"Since the secretaries recognized the managers , the athletes arrived ."	The secretaries recognized the managers .	entailment
"Although the authors stopped the student , the manager recommended the senators ."	The authors stopped the student .	entailment
"After the senators arrived , the professor mentioned the president ."	The senators arrived .	entailment
"Since the president danced , the actors saw the banker ."	The president danced .	entailment
"Because the doctors danced , the artist believed the authors ."	The doctors danced .	entailment
"While the athletes mentioned the artists , the managers called the bankers ."	The athletes mentioned the artists .	entailment
"While the professors helped the presidents , the author saw the judges ."	The professors helped the presidents .	entailment
"Before the presidents encouraged the actor , the tourist contacted the students ."	The presidents encouraged the actor .	entailment
"Though the lawyers introduced the athletes , the artist saw the doctors ."	The lawyers introduced the athletes .	entailment
"After the authors contacted the athletes , the professors believed the secretaries ."	The authors contacted the athletes .	entailment
"Although the scientist waited , the banker shouted ."	The scientist waited .	entailment
"Because the actors stopped the doctor , the tourists thanked the students ."	The actors stopped the doctor .	entailment
"Although the actor danced , the presidents resigned ."	The actor danced .	entailment
"Though the judges admired the artists , the doctors believed the professors ."	The judges admired the artists .	entailment
"Since the presidents encouraged the professor , the senator admired the judges ."	The presidents encouraged the professor .	entailment
"After the managers performed , the scientist stopped the students ."	The managers performed .	entailment
"Though the authors saw the student , the actors performed ."	The authors saw the student .	entailment
"Because the professor mentioned the doctor , the president avoided the artists ."	The professor mentioned the doctor .	entailment
"Though the lawyers encouraged the scientist , the manager performed ."	The lawyers encouraged the scientist .	entailment
"Though the actor believed the authors , the doctors ran ."	The actor believed the authors .	entailment
"Although the tourist avoided the judges , the athletes recommended the actor ."	The tourist avoided the judges .	entailment
"Before the scientist arrived , the manager contacted the presidents ."	The scientist arrived .	entailment
"Because the professors danced , the judges slept ."	The professors danced .	entailment
"Before the lawyer admired the artists , the managers contacted the presidents ."	The lawyer admired the artists .	entailment
"Though the secretary danced , the actors slept ."	The secretary danced .	entailment
"While the managers ran , the doctor recommended the senators ."	The managers ran .	entailment
"Since the bankers believed the manager , the lawyers helped the judge ."	The bankers believed the manager .	entailment
"Since the students mentioned the professors , the president avoided the secretary ."	The students mentioned the professors .	entailment
"Before the actors stopped the authors , the artists ran ."	The actors stopped the authors .	entailment
"While the professors performed , the bankers advised the athletes ."	The professors performed .	entailment
"While the student mentioned the judges , the managers performed ."	The student mentioned the judges .	entailment
"After the artist shouted , the lawyers introduced the doctor ."	The artist shouted .	entailment
"While the tourist called the banker , the athlete admired the judge ."	The tourist called the banker .	entailment
"Because the judge contacted the doctors , the banker helped the senator ."	The judge contacted the doctors .	entailment
"While the scientists saw the tourists , the artist resigned ."	The scientists saw the tourists .	entailment
"Before the actors recommended the scientist , the presidents resigned ."	The actors recommended the scientist .	entailment
"Though the doctors resigned , the tourists shouted ."	The doctors resigned .	entailment
"While the judge recommended the lawyer , the artist believed the author ."	The judge recommended the lawyer .	entailment
"Because the managers performed , the tourist ran ."	The managers performed .	entailment
"Although the professor mentioned the secretaries , the doctors supported the athletes ."	The professor mentioned the secretaries .	entailment
"Because the secretary arrived , the senator performed ."	The secretary arrived .	entailment
"While the presidents mentioned the senator , the actor performed ."	The presidents mentioned the senator .	entailment
"Although the secretary avoided the presidents , the artists contacted the judge ."	The secretary avoided the presidents .	entailment
"Though the scientist supported the artist , the banker resigned ."	The scientist supported the artist .	entailment
"Since the athlete helped the actors , the authors supported the lawyer ."	The athlete helped the actors .	entailment
"After the managers ran , the athletes waited ."	The managers ran .	entailment
"Because the doctors contacted the actors , the artists advised the tourist ."	The doctors contacted the actors .	entailment
"Because the judges waited , the authors avoided the lawyers ."	The judges waited .	entailment
"Although the managers recommended the lawyer , the judge danced ."	The managers recommended the lawyer .	entailment
"After the professors advised the managers , the senator helped the lawyers ."	The professors advised the managers .	entailment
"While the managers mentioned the authors , the secretaries recommended the lawyers ."	The managers mentioned the authors .	entailment
"While the doctor saw the managers , the professor admired the lawyer ."	The doctor saw the managers .	entailment
"While the artist advised the president , the secretaries performed ."	The artist advised the president .	entailment
"Before the managers saw the senator , the bankers encouraged the scientist ."	The managers saw the senator .	entailment
"Although the authors arrived , the secretary danced ."	The authors arrived .	entailment
"Because the author advised the bankers , the presidents resigned ."	The author advised the bankers .	entailment
"Since the athlete called the author , the lawyers recommended the senator ."	The athlete called the author .	entailment
"Before the lawyer shouted , the manager supported the student ."	The lawyer shouted .	entailment
"Because the judges performed , the bankers contacted the senator ."	The judges performed .	entailment
"Though the author believed the president , the managers stopped the banker ."	The author believed the president .	entailment
"Because the athlete introduced the author , the president contacted the secretary ."	The athlete introduced the author .	entailment
"Because the doctor introduced the judges , the scientists mentioned the president ."	The doctor introduced the judges .	entailment
"Though the author avoided the senators , the secretary slept ."	The author avoided the senators .	entailment
"Although the professor recognized the lawyer , the artist resigned ."	The professor recognized the lawyer .	entailment
"Because the judge waited , the student helped the tourist ."	The judge waited .	entailment
"Since the secretaries slept , the actors supported the artist ."	The secretaries slept .	entailment
"Since the student performed , the artists slept ."	The student performed .	entailment
"Since the actor danced , the manager stopped the senator ."	The actor danced .	entailment
"After the lawyer called the manager , the professor helped the author ."	The lawyer called the manager .	entailment
"Since the actors recommended the lawyer , the authors encouraged the presidents ."	The actors recommended the lawyer .	entailment
"After the actors arrived , the president advised the scientists ."	The actors arrived .	entailment
"Because the artist thanked the bankers , the scientist danced ."	The artist thanked the bankers .	entailment
"Because the banker saw the managers , the actor slept ."	The banker saw the managers .	entailment
"After the lawyers shouted , the president arrived ."	The lawyers shouted .	entailment
"Although the lawyers admired the banker , the student recommended the president ."	The lawyers admired the banker .	entailment
"Though the artist admired the bankers , the scientists waited ."	The artist admired the bankers .	entailment
"After the secretary thanked the tourist , the author saw the scientists ."	The secretary thanked the tourist .	entailment
"After the senator introduced the tourists , the scientists ran ."	The senator introduced the tourists .	entailment
"Although the managers waited , the actor thanked the scientist ."	The managers waited .	entailment
"Before the managers stopped the doctors , the senators slept ."	The managers stopped the doctors .	entailment
"Although the professors contacted the lawyer , the doctor called the senator ."	The professors contacted the lawyer .	entailment
"Since the managers admired the president , the judge waited ."	The managers admired the president .	entailment
"Before the student advised the athletes , the banker admired the artist ."	The student advised the athletes .	entailment
"After the actors waited , the secretaries advised the professors ."	The actors waited .	entailment
"Before the managers ran , the student stopped the athletes ."	The managers ran .	entailment
"Before the tourists thanked the bankers , the senator called the doctors ."	The tourists thanked the bankers .	entailment
"Since the senator slept , the secretary ran ."	The senator slept .	entailment
"Since the doctors shouted , the scientists believed the professors ."	The doctors shouted .	entailment
"Because the lawyers recommended the managers , the scientists arrived ."	The lawyers recommended the managers .	entailment
"Because the judge ran , the athlete helped the senators ."	The judge ran .	entailment
"Before the secretaries slept , the actors encouraged the managers ."	The secretaries slept .	entailment
"Before the author arrived , the artist slept ."	The author arrived .	entailment
"Before the president contacted the doctors , the athletes believed the professors ."	The president contacted the doctors .	entailment
"Since the managers introduced the athlete , the author contacted the doctors ."	The managers introduced the athlete .	entailment
"While the author thanked the bankers , the professor contacted the actor ."	The author thanked the bankers .	entailment
"Before the authors advised the senators , the judge arrived ."	The authors advised the senators .	entailment
"Although the secretary recognized the student , the presidents advised the professors ."	The secretary recognized the student .	entailment
"While the tourist admired the scientists , the doctors mentioned the bankers ."	The tourist admired the scientists .	entailment
"While the students danced , the lawyer avoided the tourist ."	The students danced .	entailment
"Before the president believed the secretary , the scientists contacted the actors ."	The president believed the secretary .	entailment
"Although the athlete introduced the author , the scientists mentioned the lawyers ."	The athlete introduced the author .	entailment
"Because the judge shouted , the tourist slept ."	The judge shouted .	entailment
"After the secretaries shouted , the managers advised the artist ."	The secretaries shouted .	entailment
"While the athlete supported the artist , the actor mentioned the secretaries ."	The athlete supported the artist .	entailment
"Since the athlete recommended the doctors , the students thanked the scientists ."	The athlete recommended the doctors .	entailment
"Since the actors shouted , the athlete performed ."	The actors shouted .	entailment
"After the tourist helped the actor , the professors called the authors ."	The tourist helped the actor .	entailment
"Because the scientists admired the secretaries , the banker danced ."	The scientists admired the secretaries .	entailment
"Before the scientist admired the author , the athlete introduced the student ."	The scientist admired the author .	entailment
"After the doctors ran , the student waited ."	The doctors ran .	entailment
"Though the scientists shouted , the professors resigned ."	The scientists shouted .	entailment
"Because the manager performed , the tourist waited ."	The manager performed .	entailment
"Although the president encouraged the tourist , the judge believed the senator ."	The president encouraged the tourist .	entailment
"While the tourist recognized the judges , the professor introduced the authors ."	The tourist recognized the judges .	entailment
"After the author saw the manager , the scientists shouted ."	The author saw the manager .	entailment
"After the senator encouraged the president , the student danced ."	The senator encouraged the president .	entailment
"After the scientist encouraged the lawyer , the student supported the professors ."	The scientist encouraged the lawyer .	entailment
"Because the doctor helped the scientists , the secretary shouted ."	The doctor helped the scientists .	entailment
"Because the managers resigned , the artist admired the secretary ."	The managers resigned .	entailment
"After the artists supported the athlete , the doctor introduced the senator ."	The artists supported the athlete .	entailment
"After the senator introduced the author , the manager encouraged the scientists ."	The senator introduced the author .	entailment
"Though the scientists introduced the senator , the student saw the artists ."	The scientists introduced the senator .	entailment
"After the athletes arrived , the president helped the judges ."	The athletes arrived .	entailment
"Though the author contacted the lawyer , the actor thanked the athletes ."	The author contacted the lawyer .	entailment
"Although the artist ran , the actors saw the president ."	The artist ran .	entailment
"After the secretary slept , the senator danced ."	The secretary slept .	entailment
"Before the actors saw the president , the banker stopped the tourists ."	The actors saw the president .	entailment
"While the authors contacted the artists , the athlete waited ."	The authors contacted the artists .	entailment
"Before the actors avoided the managers , the student shouted ."	The actors avoided the managers .	entailment
"Since the secretary arrived , the tourist recommended the artist ."	The secretary arrived .	entailment
"Before the author advised the professor , the doctors waited ."	The author advised the professor .	entailment
"Before the managers slept , the tourists mentioned the doctors ."	The managers slept .	entailment
"Because the bankers thanked the lawyers , the manager advised the tourists ."	The bankers thanked the lawyers .	entailment
"Though the professor thanked the student , the secretary danced ."	The professor thanked the student .	entailment
"After the scientists performed , the secretary avoided the author ."	The scientists performed .	entailment
"After the students avoided the actor , the presidents called the tourists ."	The students avoided the actor .	entailment
"Because the professors stopped the student , the secretaries introduced the lawyers ."	The professors stopped the student .	entailment
"Because the senator encouraged the manager , the professor saw the doctors ."	The senator encouraged the manager .	entailment
"Though the actor advised the lawyers , the authors shouted ."	The actor advised the lawyers .	entailment
"Though the author arrived , the scientist contacted the doctors ."	The author arrived .	entailment
"Because the judges admired the athletes , the tourist called the scientists ."	The judges admired the athletes .	entailment
"Before the doctors mentioned the lawyer , the authors ran ."	The doctors mentioned the lawyer .	entailment
"While the artists contacted the doctor , the secretaries called the bankers ."	The artists contacted the doctor .	entailment
"Since the authors introduced the artists , the doctor called the tourists ."	The authors introduced the artists .	entailment
"Although the athlete arrived , the artists thanked the students ."	The athlete arrived .	entailment
"While the student contacted the lawyers , the artists recognized the manager ."	The student contacted the lawyers .	entailment
"Although the senator called the professor , the manager ran ."	The senator called the professor .	entailment
"Because the senator mentioned the secretaries , the students slept ."	The senator mentioned the secretaries .	entailment
"While the athlete helped the secretary , the actors stopped the scientists ."	The athlete helped the secretary .	entailment
"After the professors supported the actors , the lawyers believed the author ."	The professors supported the actors .	entailment
"Because the presidents waited , the senators recommended the secretaries ."	The presidents waited .	entailment
"Though the students thanked the managers , the secretary shouted ."	The students thanked the managers .	entailment
"After the secretaries resigned , the manager recognized the professor ."	The secretaries resigned .	entailment
"Since the professors mentioned the senators , the lawyer waited ."	The professors mentioned the senators .	entailment
"Although the president contacted the doctor , the athletes recommended the lawyers ."	The president contacted the doctor .	entailment
"Although the president waited , the doctor recommended the author ."	The president waited .	entailment
"Since the professor danced , the secretaries slept ."	The professor danced .	entailment
"Before the student resigned , the professors supported the authors ."	The student resigned .	entailment
"While the athletes arrived , the scientists recognized the president ."	The athletes arrived .	entailment
"Although the tourist arrived , the judge avoided the scientists ."	The tourist arrived .	entailment
"After the athletes contacted the lawyer , the scientists avoided the authors ."	The athletes contacted the lawyer .	entailment
"Since the manager arrived , the tourist mentioned the professors ."	The manager arrived .	entailment
"Since the president danced , the manager recognized the banker ."	The president danced .	entailment
"Though the scientists admired the secretary , the professors avoided the managers ."	The scientists admired the secretary .	entailment
"Though the athletes recommended the author , the lawyers thanked the tourist ."	The athletes recommended the author .	entailment
"Although the artist recommended the banker , the senator performed ."	The artist recommended the banker .	entailment
"Since the athletes recommended the lawyer , the manager slept ."	The athletes recommended the lawyer .	entailment
"While the senator thanked the secretary , the judge resigned ."	The senator thanked the secretary .	entailment
"Although the actors thanked the artists , the professors performed ."	The actors thanked the artists .	entailment
"While the doctor avoided the senators , the secretaries performed ."	The doctor avoided the senators .	entailment
"While the professor arrived , the judge waited ."	The professor arrived .	entailment
"Though the actor believed the senator , the author mentioned the lawyers ."	The actor believed the senator .	entailment
"Because the doctor resigned , the lawyer mentioned the professor ."	The doctor resigned .	entailment
"After the judge helped the artist , the manager encouraged the president ."	The judge helped the artist .	entailment
"Since the author advised the judge , the senator arrived ."	The author advised the judge .	entailment
"Since the secretaries ran , the lawyers encouraged the senator ."	The secretaries ran .	entailment
"Before the author stopped the professor , the student advised the scientists ."	The author stopped the professor .	entailment
"Although the doctors waited , the presidents thanked the author ."	The doctors waited .	entailment
"Because the president recommended the manager , the actors contacted the senator ."	The president recommended the manager .	entailment
"After the professors shouted , the senators waited ."	The professors shouted .	entailment
"After the students introduced the professors , the authors stopped the athletes ."	The students introduced the professors .	entailment
"Because the artists waited , the professors thanked the judge ."	The artists waited .	entailment
"After the athletes believed the students , the scientist shouted ."	The athletes believed the students .	entailment
"Although the athletes resigned , the manager ran ."	The athletes resigned .	entailment
"Because the presidents thanked the bankers , the manager recommended the scientists ."	The presidents thanked the bankers .	entailment
"Although the athlete resigned , the bankers shouted ."	The athlete resigned .	entailment
"Before the lawyer danced , the senators mentioned the banker ."	The lawyer danced .	entailment
"After the senator waited , the doctor called the professor ."	The senator waited .	entailment
"Because the manager performed , the secretaries called the artists ."	The manager performed .	entailment
"Although the lawyer slept , the actor encouraged the author ."	The lawyer slept .	entailment
"Before the actors recommended the senators , the secretaries performed ."	The actors recommended the senators .	entailment
"While the doctors slept , the artist recommended the tourists ."	The doctors slept .	entailment
"After the manager admired the presidents , the secretaries ran ."	The manager admired the presidents .	entailment
"Because the president shouted , the managers believed the actor ."	The president shouted .	entailment
"Because the managers waited , the student called the bankers ."	The managers waited .	entailment
"Since the scientists recognized the secretary , the tourists mentioned the professors ."	The scientists recognized the secretary .	entailment
"Because the scientist thanked the president , the senator recognized the judge ."	The scientist thanked the president .	entailment
"Though the actors recognized the author , the senator resigned ."	The actors recognized the author .	entailment
"Because the students resigned , the senator shouted ."	The students resigned .	entailment
"Although the actors waited , the professor called the tourists ."	The actors waited .	entailment
"After the athletes admired the senators , the scientists supported the artists ."	The athletes admired the senators .	entailment
"Though the bankers waited , the actors recognized the lawyer ."	The bankers waited .	entailment
"While the managers called the presidents , the scientists contacted the athlete ."	The managers called the presidents .	entailment
"Since the artist introduced the students , the tourist danced ."	The artist introduced the students .	entailment
"After the senator recognized the author , the president recommended the lawyers ."	The senator recognized the author .	entailment
"Before the scientist stopped the students , the senators avoided the presidents ."	The scientist stopped the students .	entailment
"Because the artists advised the doctor , the student shouted ."	The artists advised the doctor .	entailment
"Although the scientist contacted the judge , the senators called the tourist ."	The scientist contacted the judge .	entailment
"After the doctor believed the secretary , the judges stopped the lawyer ."	The doctor believed the secretary .	entailment
"Before the artist performed , the athlete avoided the professors ."	The artist performed .	entailment
"Since the doctor thanked the senator , the banker recommended the artist ."	The doctor thanked the senator .	entailment
"While the senators shouted , the manager encouraged the secretaries ."	The senators shouted .	entailment
"Though the bankers supported the presidents , the manager called the authors ."	The bankers supported the presidents .	entailment
"While the president resigned , the actor contacted the secretary ."	The president resigned .	entailment
"While the athletes admired the professors , the students slept ."	The athletes admired the professors .	entailment
"Since the lawyers slept , the senators danced ."	The lawyers slept .	entailment
"Although the doctors shouted , the lawyer supported the actor ."	The doctors shouted .	entailment
"Before the senator mentioned the manager , the artist saw the student ."	The senator mentioned the manager .	entailment
"Because the presidents waited , the banker performed ."	The presidents waited .	entailment
"While the scientist shouted , the actor contacted the manager ."	The scientist shouted .	entailment
"Because the tourist shouted , the presidents ran ."	The tourist shouted .	entailment
"Though the student waited , the doctors ran ."	The student waited .	entailment
"While the senator supported the secretaries , the bankers ran ."	The senator supported the secretaries .	entailment
"After the actors helped the professor , the scientist supported the secretary ."	The actors helped the professor .	entailment
"Because the artists recognized the student , the secretary thanked the athletes ."	The artists recognized the student .	entailment
"While the athlete slept , the secretaries waited ."	The athlete slept .	entailment
"Though the students admired the authors , the presidents danced ."	The students admired the authors .	entailment
"Since the artists performed , the students shouted ."	The artists performed .	entailment
"Though the presidents danced , the scientists advised the professors ."	The presidents danced .	entailment
"Since the lawyer slept , the tourist believed the senators ."	The lawyer slept .	entailment
"Although the tourists avoided the secretary , the scientist mentioned the judges ."	The tourists avoided the secretary .	entailment
"Before the professors supported the artists , the banker resigned ."	The professors supported the artists .	entailment
"After the secretaries performed , the athletes ran ."	The secretaries performed .	entailment
"Because the actor contacted the secretaries , the banker supported the professor ."	The actor contacted the secretaries .	entailment
"After the president introduced the secretaries , the senator waited ."	The president introduced the secretaries .	entailment
"Because the lawyers ran , the scientist advised the secretaries ."	The lawyers ran .	entailment
"Before the students shouted , the actor resigned ."	The students shouted .	entailment
"Although the professor recognized the doctors , the scientists stopped the actor ."	The professor recognized the doctors .	entailment
"Since the managers believed the scientists , the senator admired the author ."	The managers believed the scientists .	entailment
"Although the tourist mentioned the presidents , the scientist resigned ."	The tourist mentioned the presidents .	entailment
"Since the bankers slept , the actor called the doctors ."	The bankers slept .	entailment
"Before the scientists contacted the professors , the manager believed the doctors ."	The scientists contacted the professors .	entailment
"Although the manager contacted the president , the actors shouted ."	The manager contacted the president .	entailment
"Although the secretaries avoided the athletes , the tourists mentioned the authors ."	The secretaries avoided the athletes .	entailment
"Since the tourists avoided the president , the senator ran ."	The tourists avoided the president .	entailment
"While the lawyer recognized the artists , the athletes believed the student ."	The lawyer recognized the artists .	entailment
"Although the actor advised the tourist , the author waited ."	The actor advised the tourist .	entailment
"While the lawyers mentioned the doctors , the scientists stopped the presidents ."	The lawyers mentioned the doctors .	entailment
"Though the senator supported the doctor , the scientist stopped the professors ."	The senator supported the doctor .	entailment
"After the professors performed , the managers mentioned the banker ."	The professors performed .	entailment
"While the president recommended the scientist , the doctors thanked the tourist ."	The president recommended the scientist .	entailment
"Though the students mentioned the presidents , the author supported the professors ."	The students mentioned the presidents .	entailment
"Before the judges stopped the actors , the lawyers saw the senators ."	The judges stopped the actors .	entailment
"Since the artist mentioned the tourists , the authors supported the scientists ."	The artist mentioned the tourists .	entailment
"After the secretaries thanked the lawyer , the athletes supported the senators ."	The secretaries thanked the lawyer .	entailment
"While the lawyer shouted , the artists admired the scientist ."	The lawyer shouted .	entailment
"While the lawyers stopped the banker , the senator danced ."	The lawyers stopped the banker .	entailment
"Before the tourist resigned , the athletes arrived ."	The tourist resigned .	entailment
"Because the doctor thanked the tourists , the professors helped the artists ."	The doctor thanked the tourists .	entailment
"After the managers slept , the athletes shouted ."	The managers slept .	entailment
"Though the professors introduced the lawyer , the authors slept ."	The professors introduced the lawyer .	entailment
"Because the actor admired the tourists , the artists introduced the athlete ."	The actor admired the tourists .	entailment
"While the scientists slept , the lawyers thanked the tourists ."	The scientists slept .	entailment
"Because the banker saw the students , the president slept ."	The banker saw the students .	entailment
"After the judges recognized the professors , the athlete performed ."	The judges recognized the professors .	entailment
"After the author mentioned the scientist , the professors resigned ."	The author mentioned the scientist .	entailment
"Because the actor called the senator , the lawyers saw the doctors ."	The actor called the senator .	entailment
"Before the banker avoided the senators , the tourist saw the athlete ."	The banker avoided the senators .	entailment
"While the secretary called the athlete , the doctors contacted the scientist ."	The secretary called the athlete .	entailment
"Since the artists admired the judges , the senators believed the doctors ."	The artists admired the judges .	entailment
"While the professors helped the lawyer , the secretary saw the manager ."	The professors helped the lawyer .	entailment
"Although the lawyer thanked the tourist , the athletes waited ."	The lawyer thanked the tourist .	entailment
"Although the professor avoided the author , the student admired the artists ."	The professor avoided the author .	entailment
"Though the professors helped the president , the secretary slept ."	The professors helped the president .	entailment
"Although the managers shouted , the judges slept ."	The managers shouted .	entailment
"While the tourists believed the secretary , the scientists saw the actors ."	The tourists believed the secretary .	entailment
"Although the presidents resigned , the scientists called the professors ."	The presidents resigned .	entailment
"While the secretary called the manager , the artist contacted the actors ."	The secretary called the manager .	entailment
"Since the secretaries advised the professors , the athletes stopped the actor ."	The secretaries advised the professors .	entailment
"Since the secretary shouted , the student contacted the scientists ."	The secretary shouted .	entailment
"Before the student recommended the scientist , the judges admired the doctor ."	The student recommended the scientist .	entailment
"Because the author performed , the student arrived ."	The author performed .	entailment
"Since the scientists supported the tourist , the doctor avoided the senator ."	The scientists supported the tourist .	entailment
"After the athletes resigned , the judge supported the artists ."	The athletes resigned .	entailment
"Since the actors supported the managers , the senators shouted ."	The actors supported the managers .	entailment
"Though the bankers introduced the artists , the presidents ran ."	The bankers introduced the artists .	entailment
"Since the scientists encouraged the professors , the actor avoided the manager ."	The scientists encouraged the professors .	entailment
"Since the professor contacted the judge , the secretary ran ."	The professor contacted the judge .	entailment
"Before the athlete recognized the author , the manager saw the tourist ."	The athlete recognized the author .	entailment
"Before the artists introduced the athletes , the presidents recommended the authors ."	The artists introduced the athletes .	entailment
"Because the doctor danced , the president encouraged the lawyer ."	The doctor danced .	entailment
"After the lawyers arrived , the tourist advised the scientists ."	The lawyers arrived .	entailment
"Before the authors shouted , the doctors stopped the secretaries ."	The authors shouted .	entailment
"While the tourist recommended the students , the bankers danced ."	The tourist recommended the students .	entailment
"Since the tourist waited , the senators supported the lawyer ."	The tourist waited .	entailment
"After the lawyer slept , the athletes shouted ."	The lawyer slept .	entailment
"Before the manager mentioned the judges , the scientists supported the presidents ."	The manager mentioned the judges .	entailment
"While the professor danced , the student performed ."	The professor danced .	entailment
"Although the secretary admired the doctors , the managers recognized the actors ."	The secretary admired the doctors .	entailment
"Though the president arrived , the athletes introduced the professors ."	The president arrived .	entailment
"Though the students believed the lawyers , the actor waited ."	The students believed the lawyers .	entailment
"While the artists contacted the athletes , the lawyer avoided the judges ."	The artists contacted the athletes .	entailment
"Before the doctors supported the student , the managers waited ."	The doctors supported the student .	entailment
"Before the athlete admired the managers , the artist resigned ."	The athlete admired the managers .	entailment
"Though the lawyers saw the tourists , the authors danced ."	The lawyers saw the tourists .	entailment
"Because the banker slept , the author resigned ."	The banker slept .	entailment
"While the managers recognized the judge , the tourists slept ."	The managers recognized the judge .	entailment
"Although the doctors advised the artist , the tourists believed the managers ."	The doctors advised the artist .	entailment
"Though the managers waited , the lawyer contacted the judges ."	The managers waited .	entailment
"Though the president recommended the actors , the lawyers danced ."	The president recommended the actors .	entailment
"Since the lawyer recommended the professor , the banker waited ."	The lawyer recommended the professor .	entailment
"Since the doctor recommended the author , the scientists arrived ."	The doctor recommended the author .	entailment
"Because the athlete recommended the actor , the presidents mentioned the professor ."	The athlete recommended the actor .	entailment
"Because the artist stopped the judges , the tourist advised the lawyer ."	The artist stopped the judges .	entailment
"Before the senator called the scientists , the tourists advised the athletes ."	The senator called the scientists .	entailment
"After the doctor saw the senator , the bankers resigned ."	The doctor saw the senator .	entailment
"Although the lawyers slept , the senator recommended the tourist ."	The lawyers slept .	entailment
"Though the tourists encouraged the professors , the lawyers performed ."	The tourists encouraged the professors .	entailment
"Because the authors contacted the athlete , the bankers waited ."	The authors contacted the athlete .	entailment
"Although the tourist avoided the scientists , the professor mentioned the presidents ."	The tourist avoided the scientists .	entailment
"Though the scientists called the tourist , the students encouraged the professor ."	The scientists called the tourist .	entailment
"Because the actor saw the senators , the lawyers waited ."	The actor saw the senators .	entailment
"After the students encouraged the banker , the author avoided the artist ."	The students encouraged the banker .	entailment
"Because the students arrived , the lawyers stopped the manager ."	The students arrived .	entailment
"Although the artist thanked the judge , the presidents contacted the managers ."	The artist thanked the judge .	entailment
"Although the athlete thanked the author , the actor encouraged the student ."	The athlete thanked the author .	entailment
"Before the presidents believed the bankers , the tourist thanked the senators ."	The presidents believed the bankers .	entailment
"Because the president introduced the artists , the senator recommended the secretaries ."	The president introduced the artists .	entailment
"Before the student helped the scientists , the athlete shouted ."	The student helped the scientists .	entailment
"Although the artists shouted , the president supported the lawyer ."	The artists shouted .	entailment
"Because the athletes resigned , the lawyers recognized the artist ."	The athletes resigned .	entailment
"Since the author recommended the doctors , the scientists ran ."	The author recommended the doctors .	entailment
"Because the senators recognized the manager , the tourists danced ."	The senators recognized the manager .	entailment
"After the doctors mentioned the secretary , the author ran ."	The doctors mentioned the secretary .	entailment
"Although the lawyers arrived , the senators encouraged the judges ."	The lawyers arrived .	entailment
"Though the banker mentioned the artists , the student saw the secretary ."	The banker mentioned the artists .	entailment
"Because the bankers thanked the scientist , the artist danced ."	The bankers thanked the scientist .	entailment
"Before the judge performed , the athletes introduced the author ."	The judge performed .	entailment
"Though the doctor arrived , the bankers helped the artist ."	The doctor arrived .	entailment
"Since the lawyer encouraged the athletes , the presidents arrived ."	The lawyer encouraged the athletes .	entailment
"While the senator supported the banker , the manager introduced the actor ."	The senator supported the banker .	entailment
"Because the athletes encouraged the judge , the managers called the author ."	The athletes encouraged the judge .	entailment
"Although the professors shouted , the doctor supported the manager ."	The professors shouted .	entailment
"Since the artist recognized the authors , the secretaries avoided the manager ."	The artist recognized the authors .	entailment
"Before the judge recommended the athletes , the tourists ran ."	The judge recommended the athletes .	entailment
"After the professors admired the banker , the senator supported the tourists ."	The professors admired the banker .	entailment
"Because the doctor saw the senators , the professor arrived ."	The doctor saw the senators .	entailment
"Though the judges called the doctor , the president admired the banker ."	The judges called the doctor .	entailment
"Since the lawyers called the secretaries , the actors ran ."	The lawyers called the secretaries .	entailment
"Because the athlete performed , the doctor recommended the managers ."	The athlete performed .	entailment
"While the manager encouraged the athletes , the doctor resigned ."	The manager encouraged the athletes .	entailment
"After the students ran , the doctors avoided the scientists ."	The students ran .	entailment
"Although the students recognized the authors , the senator stopped the athlete ."	The students recognized the authors .	entailment
"While the president called the judges , the authors arrived ."	The president called the judges .	entailment
"While the tourist called the doctor , the artist slept ."	The tourist called the doctor .	entailment
"After the judges believed the lawyers , the banker called the student ."	The judges believed the lawyers .	entailment
"Since the banker helped the artist , the doctor waited ."	The banker helped the artist .	entailment
"Before the professors slept , the tourists waited ."	The professors slept .	entailment
"Since the professors avoided the students , the lawyers waited ."	The professors avoided the students .	entailment
"Although the managers mentioned the actor , the bankers admired the athletes ."	The managers mentioned the actor .	entailment
"While the actors recognized the lawyer , the bankers ran ."	The actors recognized the lawyer .	entailment
"Although the tourists saw the senator , the banker advised the actors ."	The tourists saw the senator .	entailment
"Before the banker performed , the presidents slept ."	The banker performed .	entailment
"Because the athletes recommended the secretary , the authors waited ."	The athletes recommended the secretary .	entailment
"While the artist advised the actors , the managers mentioned the secretary ."	The artist advised the actors .	entailment
"Since the judge advised the authors , the artist admired the student ."	The judge advised the authors .	entailment
"While the tourist thanked the judges , the manager danced ."	The tourist thanked the judges .	entailment
"While the bankers admired the manager , the professors introduced the doctor ."	The bankers admired the manager .	entailment
"After the tourists saw the doctors , the author resigned ."	The tourists saw the doctors .	entailment
"Before the tourist saw the professor , the doctors admired the bankers ."	The tourist saw the professor .	entailment
"Though the actor recommended the athlete , the presidents advised the lawyers ."	The actor recommended the athlete .	entailment
"Because the lawyer saw the scientists , the senator ran ."	The lawyer saw the scientists .	entailment
"After the professor thanked the doctor , the artists mentioned the scientist ."	The professor thanked the doctor .	entailment
"Because the president thanked the senators , the author introduced the lawyers ."	The president thanked the senators .	entailment
"While the athletes avoided the tourist , the manager stopped the student ."	The athletes avoided the tourist .	entailment
"Because the judges arrived , the lawyer recommended the actors ."	The judges arrived .	entailment
"Since the scientist believed the president , the student recognized the lawyers ."	The scientist believed the president .	entailment
"Although the professor resigned , the tourist recommended the author ."	The professor resigned .	entailment
"Before the doctor waited , the scientist performed ."	The doctor waited .	entailment
"Before the actors slept , the professors encouraged the students ."	The actors slept .	entailment
"After the senator helped the artist , the lawyer ran ."	The senator helped the artist .	entailment
"After the athlete arrived , the doctor admired the presidents ."	The athlete arrived .	entailment
"Although the author contacted the banker , the athlete advised the professors ."	The author contacted the banker .	entailment
"Since the professors waited , the author admired the student ."	The professors waited .	entailment
"Though the student admired the lawyers , the artists supported the senators ."	The student admired the lawyers .	entailment
"While the artist recommended the actors , the author saw the presidents ."	The artist recommended the actors .	entailment
"Before the actors recognized the professors , the judge shouted ."	The actors recognized the professors .	entailment
"Though the banker thanked the author , the senators ran ."	The banker thanked the author .	entailment
"After the presidents waited , the lawyers contacted the actor ."	The presidents waited .	entailment
"Since the doctors introduced the judges , the tourist thanked the managers ."	The doctors introduced the judges .	entailment
"Though the secretaries saw the lawyers , the tourist arrived ."	The secretaries saw the lawyers .	entailment
"Because the doctors stopped the student , the senator believed the actors ."	The doctors stopped the student .	entailment
"After the senator advised the lawyers , the president supported the artist ."	The senator advised the lawyers .	entailment
"After the bankers introduced the presidents , the secretary mentioned the tourists ."	The bankers introduced the presidents .	entailment
"While the author recognized the secretaries , the athletes introduced the actors ."	The author recognized the secretaries .	entailment
"Though the tourist recommended the doctors , the president avoided the scientist ."	The tourist recommended the doctors .	entailment
"Because the managers called the tourist , the athlete supported the doctor ."	The managers called the tourist .	entailment
"Although the bankers saw the actor , the secretary advised the manager ."	The bankers saw the actor .	entailment
"Though the doctor recommended the student , the actor waited ."	The doctor recommended the student .	entailment
"Because the presidents saw the students , the tourists helped the lawyers ."	The presidents saw the students .	entailment
"Since the secretaries danced , the athletes waited ."	The secretaries danced .	entailment
"Since the banker recognized the professor , the doctors admired the tourists ."	The banker recognized the professor .	entailment
"Since the secretaries thanked the scientist , the managers ran ."	The secretaries thanked the scientist .	entailment
"Before the artists shouted , the bankers slept ."	The artists shouted .	entailment
"Although the president recommended the judges , the doctor slept ."	The president recommended the judges .	entailment
"After the authors stopped the student , the scientist thanked the doctors ."	The authors stopped the student .	entailment
"While the bankers mentioned the athlete , the actor danced ."	The bankers mentioned the athlete .	entailment
"Before the artist arrived , the president admired the professors ."	The artist arrived .	entailment
"Although the athletes danced , the secretaries contacted the student ."	The athletes danced .	entailment
"Although the athlete avoided the actor , the senators supported the managers ."	The athlete avoided the actor .	entailment
"While the tourists arrived , the manager saw the professor ."	The tourists arrived .	entailment
"Though the secretaries encouraged the senators , the scientists contacted the lawyers ."	The secretaries encouraged the senators .	entailment
"After the artists contacted the actor , the managers stopped the professors ."	The artists contacted the actor .	entailment
"Although the athletes recommended the senator , the tourists helped the judges ."	The athletes recommended the senator .	entailment
"While the managers performed , the secretaries saw the athletes ."	The managers performed .	entailment
"Since the tourist resigned , the actors waited ."	The tourist resigned .	entailment
"Though the doctor introduced the bankers , the student performed ."	The doctor introduced the bankers .	entailment
"Though the presidents supported the lawyers , the actors slept ."	The presidents supported the lawyers .	entailment
"Before the bankers resigned , the senators contacted the judges ."	The bankers resigned .	entailment
"Although the manager danced , the author thanked the athlete ."	The manager danced .	entailment
"Although the author saw the artists , the professor mentioned the students ."	The author saw the artists .	entailment
"After the secretary recommended the students , the president stopped the tourist ."	The secretary recommended the students .	entailment
"While the banker helped the authors , the manager contacted the professors ."	The banker helped the authors .	entailment
"Since the artist called the managers , the lawyers advised the actor ."	The artist called the managers .	entailment
"After the senator waited , the professors mentioned the artist ."	The senator waited .	entailment
"Although the athletes stopped the manager , the students avoided the banker ."	The athletes stopped the manager .	entailment
"Because the president saw the actors , the secretaries shouted ."	The president saw the actors .	entailment
"While the actors stopped the senator , the professors resigned ."	The actors stopped the senator .	entailment
"While the presidents ran , the lawyers called the artists ."	The presidents ran .	entailment
"Before the actor introduced the senator , the presidents resigned ."	The actor introduced the senator .	entailment
"Since the presidents avoided the judge , the doctors believed the authors ."	The presidents avoided the judge .	entailment
"Because the senators waited , the professor admired the scientists ."	The senators waited .	entailment
"Though the author believed the artists , the lawyers performed ."	The author believed the artists .	entailment
"Although the athletes ran , the president resigned ."	The athletes ran .	entailment
"Since the doctor shouted , the lawyers waited ."	The doctor shouted .	entailment
"Although the author believed the actors , the professors supported the lawyer ."	The author believed the actors .	entailment
"Before the athlete danced , the senator introduced the actors ."	The athlete danced .	entailment
"While the actor encouraged the judge , the doctor called the authors ."	The actor encouraged the judge .	entailment
"After the tourist contacted the bankers , the scientist called the manager ."	The tourist contacted the bankers .	entailment
"Since the scientists admired the professors , the secretary avoided the authors ."	The scientists admired the professors .	entailment
"After the senator avoided the actors , the athlete thanked the banker ."	The senator avoided the actors .	entailment
"Before the tourist ran , the author thanked the scientist ."	The tourist ran .	entailment
"While the secretary called the students , the doctors contacted the tourist ."	The secretary called the students .	entailment
"Though the senators stopped the manager , the actor supported the secretary ."	The senators stopped the manager .	entailment
"Although the secretary mentioned the lawyer , the artists slept ."	The secretary mentioned the lawyer .	entailment
"While the authors recognized the lawyer , the banker advised the professors ."	The authors recognized the lawyer .	entailment
"Before the authors resigned , the doctors helped the bankers ."	The authors resigned .	entailment
"Because the scientists waited , the student arrived ."	The scientists waited .	entailment
"Though the lawyer helped the doctor , the managers arrived ."	The lawyer helped the doctor .	entailment
"Before the lawyers waited , the professors helped the author ."	The lawyers waited .	entailment
"Since the secretaries introduced the artist , the judges resigned ."	The secretaries introduced the artist .	entailment
"While the authors shouted , the scientists waited ."	The authors shouted .	entailment
"Though the lawyer called the senators , the doctor avoided the artists ."	The lawyer called the senators .	entailment
"After the athletes helped the judge , the manager recommended the author ."	The athletes helped the judge .	entailment
"Because the manager recommended the presidents , the artists slept ."	The manager recommended the presidents .	entailment
"Although the authors contacted the presidents , the managers waited ."	The authors contacted the presidents .	entailment
"After the student resigned , the tourists avoided the professor ."	The student resigned .	entailment
"Though the manager thanked the scientists , the secretaries danced ."	The manager thanked the scientists .	entailment
"Although the professor helped the bankers , the athletes slept ."	The professor helped the bankers .	entailment
"Since the senators supported the athletes , the professors resigned ."	The senators supported the athletes .	entailment
"Though the tourist waited , the secretary arrived ."	The tourist waited .	entailment
"After the tourist supported the lawyers , the authors recognized the doctors ."	The tourist supported the lawyers .	entailment
"While the presidents encouraged the actors , the senator waited ."	The presidents encouraged the actors .	entailment
"While the president waited , the scientist saw the judge ."	The president waited .	entailment
"Though the manager shouted , the secretaries helped the professors ."	The manager shouted .	entailment
"After the lawyers danced , the author saw the judges ."	The lawyers danced .	entailment
"Since the senators ran , the secretaries thanked the artists ."	The senators ran .	entailment
"After the scientist shouted , the secretaries encouraged the banker ."	The scientist shouted .	entailment
"Although the lawyer mentioned the doctor , the authors introduced the senators ."	The lawyer mentioned the doctor .	entailment
"Though the secretaries resigned , the doctor mentioned the judges ."	The secretaries resigned .	entailment
"Because the student arrived , the president mentioned the tourists ."	The student arrived .	entailment
"Although the scientists danced , the actors helped the lawyers ."	The scientists danced .	entailment
"Although the scientist resigned , the senator advised the managers ."	The scientist resigned .	entailment
"Because the banker admired the author , the doctors recommended the professor ."	The banker admired the author .	entailment
"Though the banker admired the professor , the athlete danced ."	The banker admired the professor .	entailment
"While the managers danced , the judges waited ."	The managers danced .	entailment
"After the presidents recognized the tourist , the doctors thanked the lawyers ."	The presidents recognized the tourist .	entailment
"Since the artist arrived , the tourists helped the professor ."	The artist arrived .	entailment
"Because the professor shouted , the scientist arrived ."	The professor shouted .	entailment
"Because the actors arrived , the professors performed ."	The actors arrived .	entailment
"Though the tourists resigned , the senators waited ."	The tourists resigned .	entailment
"Though the student recognized the scientist , the managers waited ."	The student recognized the scientist .	entailment
"Though the senator thanked the professors , the tourist introduced the athletes ."	The senator thanked the professors .	entailment
"Although the manager called the lawyers , the senators ran ."	The manager called the lawyers .	entailment
"Since the students performed , the scientists avoided the actor ."	The students performed .	entailment
"While the judge contacted the lawyer , the actors arrived ."	The judge contacted the lawyer .	entailment
"While the student ran , the president contacted the bankers ."	The student ran .	entailment
"Because the doctor ran , the secretary danced ."	The doctor ran .	entailment
"While the authors danced , the presidents introduced the secretary ."	The authors danced .	entailment
"While the professors encouraged the bankers , the students recognized the tourists ."	The professors encouraged the bankers .	entailment
"Although the presidents arrived , the lawyer admired the secretary ."	The presidents arrived .	entailment
"Before the judges supported the senator , the lawyer arrived ."	The judges supported the senator .	entailment
"Although the senators danced , the tourist slept ."	The senators danced .	entailment
"After the judge contacted the banker , the actor arrived ."	The judge contacted the banker .	entailment
"Though the student thanked the actor , the judges saw the tourist ."	The student thanked the actor .	entailment
"Though the senators mentioned the actors , the tourist performed ."	The senators mentioned the actors .	entailment
"Before the bankers saw the actors , the lawyers helped the manager ."	The bankers saw the actors .	entailment
"Though the bankers thanked the lawyer , the secretary slept ."	The bankers thanked the lawyer .	entailment
"Because the tourist contacted the artist , the presidents saw the authors ."	The tourist contacted the artist .	entailment
"Although the athletes resigned , the presidents saw the secretaries ."	The athletes resigned .	entailment
"While the artist thanked the actor , the athletes supported the president ."	The artist thanked the actor .	entailment
"While the manager recognized the actor , the athlete advised the bankers ."	The manager recognized the actor .	entailment
"Although the tourist recommended the secretaries , the professors stopped the manager ."	The tourist recommended the secretaries .	entailment
"Since the tourist slept , the student waited ."	The tourist slept .	entailment
"Before the senators advised the athletes , the judge recognized the tourists ."	The senators advised the athletes .	entailment
"Before the doctor mentioned the judge , the presidents introduced the senator ."	The doctor mentioned the judge .	entailment
"Because the authors recommended the artist , the actor ran ."	The authors recommended the artist .	entailment
"Though the secretaries believed the scientists , the manager advised the doctors ."	The secretaries believed the scientists .	entailment
"Since the secretary thanked the actor , the lawyer encouraged the student ."	The secretary thanked the actor .	entailment
"Since the banker admired the judges , the actors shouted ."	The banker admired the judges .	entailment
"Although the tourist called the lawyer , the athlete recommended the judges ."	The tourist called the lawyer .	entailment
"Because the student ran , the tourist recognized the senators ."	The student ran .	entailment
"After the secretary resigned , the artists stopped the senator ."	The secretary resigned .	entailment
"Before the judges recognized the students , the banker helped the author ."	The judges recognized the students .	entailment
"Although the authors ran , the student recognized the bankers ."	The authors ran .	entailment
"After the banker arrived , the athletes stopped the senator ."	The banker arrived .	entailment
"While the scientists encouraged the doctor , the senator called the authors ."	The scientists encouraged the doctor .	entailment
"Before the author danced , the artists arrived ."	The author danced .	entailment
"While the artist believed the senators , the scientists saw the doctor ."	The artist believed the senators .	entailment
"Although the artist slept , the managers arrived ."	The artist slept .	entailment
"Though the artist contacted the president , the scientists avoided the judges ."	The artist contacted the president .	entailment
"Though the actors recommended the banker , the secretaries arrived ."	The actors recommended the banker .	entailment
"Because the managers supported the secretaries , the senators arrived ."	The managers supported the secretaries .	entailment
"While the president waited , the actor advised the artists ."	The president waited .	entailment
"After the bankers slept , the students encouraged the doctor ."	The bankers slept .	entailment
"Because the scientist performed , the athletes resigned ."	The scientist performed .	entailment
"Though the professors shouted , the banker performed ."	The professors shouted .	entailment
"After the students recommended the managers , the senators arrived ."	The students recommended the managers .	entailment
"Although the senators slept , the professors danced ."	The senators slept .	entailment
"After the professor avoided the bankers , the judge waited ."	The professor avoided the bankers .	entailment
"Since the actor thanked the banker , the lawyer encouraged the doctor ."	The actor thanked the banker .	entailment
"After the president resigned , the athletes shouted ."	The president resigned .	entailment
"After the author helped the judges , the secretary ran ."	The author helped the judges .	entailment
"Before the professors saw the president , the scientist slept ."	The professors saw the president .	entailment
"Although the author resigned , the students waited ."	The author resigned .	entailment
"Before the scientists stopped the managers , the presidents saw the professors ."	The scientists stopped the managers .	entailment
"Because the tourist mentioned the senators , the author slept ."	The tourist mentioned the senators .	entailment
"After the bankers resigned , the president shouted ."	The bankers resigned .	entailment
"Although the senator ran , the lawyers advised the banker ."	The senator ran .	entailment
"Because the scientist mentioned the senators , the artist saw the managers ."	The scientist mentioned the senators .	entailment
"Before the scientists recognized the athletes , the banker shouted ."	The scientists recognized the athletes .	entailment
"Since the scientists shouted , the actors admired the manager ."	The scientists shouted .	entailment
"Although the artists called the students , the tourists recommended the author ."	The artists called the students .	entailment
"After the scientist avoided the judge , the manager helped the senators ."	The scientist avoided the judge .	entailment
"Since the banker avoided the manager , the judge encouraged the president ."	The banker avoided the manager .	entailment
"Although the student waited , the artists mentioned the professors ."	The student waited .	entailment
"While the doctor admired the students , the scientist shouted ."	The doctor admired the students .	entailment
"While the secretaries danced , the tourists thanked the artists ."	The secretaries danced .	entailment
"Since the tourist slept , the artists mentioned the actor ."	The tourist slept .	entailment
"Since the artists supported the senator , the professors recommended the actors ."	The artists supported the senator .	entailment
"Though the doctors encouraged the athlete , the actor called the artist ."	The doctors encouraged the athlete .	entailment
"While the artists danced , the student contacted the athletes ."	The artists danced .	entailment
"Because the senator mentioned the athlete , the president danced ."	The senator mentioned the athlete .	entailment
"Before the lawyer thanked the senator , the professors encouraged the secretaries ."	The lawyer thanked the senator .	entailment
"Because the author admired the managers , the artists waited ."	The author admired the managers .	entailment
"While the senators believed the students , the doctors advised the secretaries ."	The senators believed the students .	entailment
"After the senators performed , the doctors contacted the judge ."	The senators performed .	entailment
"Though the athlete stopped the manager , the presidents helped the tourists ."	The athlete stopped the manager .	entailment
"Because the banker arrived , the senators encouraged the artists ."	The banker arrived .	entailment
"Although the lawyer waited , the manager believed the scientist ."	The lawyer waited .	entailment
"After the senator mentioned the scientists , the athlete advised the lawyers ."	The senator mentioned the scientists .	entailment
"Though the banker resigned , the authors advised the judges ."	The banker resigned .	entailment
"Though the actors saw the judges , the scientists danced ."	The actors saw the judges .	entailment
"Though the artist saw the professor , the doctors slept ."	The artist saw the professor .	entailment
"While the actor danced , the managers called the scientist ."	The actor danced .	entailment
"Because the judge danced , the lawyer waited ."	The judge danced .	entailment
"Before the lawyer recommended the senators , the athlete waited ."	The lawyer recommended the senators .	entailment
"Before the student believed the athletes , the artist mentioned the tourist ."	The student believed the athletes .	entailment
"Because the secretaries arrived , the tourists ran ."	The secretaries arrived .	entailment
"Though the artist stopped the senator , the bankers advised the students ."	The artist stopped the senator .	entailment
"Though the athletes helped the tourists , the managers encouraged the professor ."	The athletes helped the tourists .	entailment
"While the banker avoided the secretaries , the student resigned ."	The banker avoided the secretaries .	entailment
"Before the doctor introduced the senator , the tourists danced ."	The doctor introduced the senator .	entailment
"Though the professors stopped the authors , the bankers advised the doctors ."	The professors stopped the authors .	entailment
"After the presidents arrived , the secretary introduced the tourist ."	The presidents arrived .	entailment
"Though the doctor resigned , the bankers thanked the author ."	The doctor resigned .	entailment
"While the lawyers recognized the authors , the banker contacted the presidents ."	The lawyers recognized the authors .	entailment
"After the actors helped the professor , the banker introduced the manager ."	The actors helped the professor .	entailment
"Since the student danced , the manager contacted the athletes ."	The student danced .	entailment
"Since the artist thanked the tourists , the professor helped the judges ."	The artist thanked the tourists .	entailment
"Before the presidents waited , the manager ran ."	The presidents waited .	entailment
"Although the student danced , the secretaries arrived ."	The student danced .	entailment
"Although the judge shouted , the scientist avoided the authors ."	The judge shouted .	entailment
"Before the doctor waited , the authors resigned ."	The doctor waited .	entailment
"Though the scientist saw the presidents , the doctors advised the author ."	The scientist saw the presidents .	entailment
"Because the senators waited , the athletes arrived ."	The senators waited .	entailment
"Because the lawyer shouted , the senators encouraged the secretaries ."	The lawyer shouted .	entailment
"Because the author saw the secretary , the presidents arrived ."	The author saw the secretary .	entailment
"Because the artist shouted , the author performed ."	The artist shouted .	entailment
"Though the artist believed the manager , the judges slept ."	The artist believed the manager .	entailment
"Since the manager stopped the actor , the presidents advised the athletes ."	The manager stopped the actor .	entailment
"While the doctor saw the scientists , the bankers arrived ."	The doctor saw the scientists .	entailment
"Though the scientists performed , the manager recognized the professors ."	The scientists performed .	entailment
"After the artist avoided the athlete , the tourists helped the manager ."	The artist avoided the athlete .	entailment
"Though the athlete stopped the president , the judge arrived ."	The athlete stopped the president .	entailment
"Although the author resigned , the actor saw the artists ."	The author resigned .	entailment
"Though the student mentioned the judges , the manager waited ."	The student mentioned the judges .	entailment
"While the author arrived , the doctors performed ."	The author arrived .	entailment
"Before the banker slept , the senators danced ."	The banker slept .	entailment
"After the artist admired the senator , the lawyer thanked the bankers ."	The artist admired the senator .	entailment
"Because the bankers resigned , the artist contacted the actors ."	The bankers resigned .	entailment
"Since the manager contacted the actors , the judge recognized the scientist ."	The manager contacted the actors .	entailment
"After the professors ran , the students waited ."	The professors ran .	entailment
"After the athlete introduced the tourists , the managers recommended the professor ."	The athlete introduced the tourists .	entailment
"Since the secretaries shouted , the professor slept ."	The secretaries shouted .	entailment
"Because the judges performed , the managers believed the actor ."	The judges performed .	entailment
"Though the president mentioned the bankers , the senators saw the actors ."	The president mentioned the bankers .	entailment
"Because the actors believed the professors , the authors ran ."	The actors believed the professors .	entailment
"After the scientist saw the actors , the judges encouraged the artists ."	The scientist saw the actors .	entailment
"Before the banker resigned , the president recognized the tourist ."	The banker resigned .	entailment
"While the scientists recognized the tourist , the judges helped the lawyers ."	The scientists recognized the tourist .	entailment
"After the authors arrived , the professor resigned ."	The authors arrived .	entailment
"Though the doctors arrived , the actor slept ."	The doctors arrived .	entailment
"Since the professor believed the student , the bankers supported the scientists ."	The professor believed the student .	entailment
"Before the senators performed , the author thanked the actors ."	The senators performed .	entailment
"Though the senators supported the actors , the secretaries performed ."	The senators supported the actors .	entailment
"Though the professors performed , the secretary advised the senator ."	The professors performed .	entailment
"Before the student slept , the scientists stopped the actor ."	The student slept .	entailment
"Since the senator waited , the doctors encouraged the tourists ."	The senator waited .	entailment
"Because the students arrived , the tourists introduced the scientists ."	The students arrived .	entailment
"Since the lawyers introduced the student , the judges encouraged the scientists ."	The lawyers introduced the student .	entailment
"Although the manager stopped the actor , the artists supported the tourist ."	The manager stopped the actor .	entailment
"Because the secretaries mentioned the author , the manager resigned ."	The secretaries mentioned the author .	entailment
"Since the managers ran , the doctors recognized the tourists ."	The managers ran .	entailment
"Though the tourist slept , the professors supported the scientists ."	The tourist slept .	entailment
"Though the banker shouted , the lawyers saw the secretary ."	The banker shouted .	entailment
"Because the secretaries helped the professors , the manager recognized the authors ."	The secretaries helped the professors .	entailment
"Although the judge mentioned the actor , the artist admired the athletes ."	The judge mentioned the actor .	entailment
"Although the judges mentioned the scientist , the tourist recognized the doctor ."	The judges mentioned the scientist .	entailment
"After the banker advised the president , the tourist saw the actor ."	The banker advised the president .	entailment
"After the tourists performed , the managers advised the professor ."	The tourists performed .	entailment
"While the presidents performed , the athlete called the student ."	The presidents performed .	entailment
"Because the senator resigned , the artists called the authors ."	The senator resigned .	entailment
"Before the professors shouted , the managers thanked the authors ."	The professors shouted .	entailment
"Although the senator called the professor , the doctor supported the judges ."	The senator called the professor .	entailment
"Though the doctor advised the judges , the president helped the actors ."	The doctor advised the judges .	entailment
"Before the secretaries slept , the tourists mentioned the bankers ."	The secretaries slept .	entailment
"Before the professors performed , the bankers recommended the manager ."	The professors performed .	entailment
"Although the lawyers performed , the bankers saw the scientist ."	The lawyers performed .	entailment
"Because the athlete danced , the manager slept ."	The athlete danced .	entailment
"Because the professor waited , the author contacted the students ."	The professor waited .	entailment
"Although the scientist avoided the doctor , the secretary stopped the lawyers ."	The scientist avoided the doctor .	entailment
"Though the senator ran , the artists introduced the student ."	The senator ran .	entailment
"After the scientists thanked the secretary , the actors recognized the senators ."	The scientists thanked the secretary .	entailment
"Though the students supported the actors , the bankers saw the secretaries ."	The students supported the actors .	entailment
"Because the tourists arrived , the presidents encouraged the bankers ."	The tourists arrived .	entailment
"Before the doctors advised the manager , the lawyer called the actor ."	The doctors advised the manager .	entailment
"Though the bankers avoided the judges , the lawyer admired the tourists ."	The bankers avoided the judges .	entailment
"While the author resigned , the tourist thanked the students ."	The author resigned .	entailment
"Since the bankers thanked the student , the senators introduced the author ."	The bankers thanked the student .	entailment
"Although the senator shouted , the professor danced ."	The senator shouted .	entailment
"While the judges danced , the actor thanked the presidents ."	The judges danced .	entailment
"After the secretaries mentioned the tourist , the senator performed ."	The secretaries mentioned the tourist .	entailment
"Though the secretaries performed , the lawyer contacted the student ."	The secretaries performed .	entailment
"Although the judge performed , the senator believed the secretary ."	The judge performed .	entailment
"Since the lawyers arrived , the judge supported the manager ."	The lawyers arrived .	entailment
"After the managers ran , the professors contacted the author ."	The managers ran .	entailment
"Since the student shouted , the secretary supported the actors ."	The student shouted .	entailment
"Because the managers avoided the judge , the senator mentioned the doctors ."	The managers avoided the judge .	entailment
"Because the senators avoided the bankers , the artist mentioned the professor ."	The senators avoided the bankers .	entailment
"Since the student saw the doctors , the lawyer contacted the artist ."	The student saw the doctors .	entailment
"Although the actors admired the artists , the athlete called the scientist ."	The actors admired the artists .	entailment
"After the athletes saw the scientist , the tourists contacted the bankers ."	The athletes saw the scientist .	entailment
"Since the athletes waited , the presidents encouraged the manager ."	The athletes waited .	entailment
"While the senators recognized the authors , the lawyers believed the secretary ."	The senators recognized the authors .	entailment
"Although the secretary admired the tourist , the bankers helped the actor ."	The secretary admired the tourist .	entailment
"Since the secretary resigned , the bankers believed the professors ."	The secretary resigned .	entailment
"Because the student introduced the artist , the lawyer thanked the senator ."	The student introduced the artist .	entailment
"After the judges danced , the doctors slept ."	The judges danced .	entailment
"After the banker waited , the actors called the tourists ."	The banker waited .	entailment
"While the banker resigned , the lawyer supported the manager ."	The banker resigned .	entailment
"Although the author advised the athlete , the actors thanked the senators ."	The author advised the athlete .	entailment
"Though the artist slept , the athletes stopped the secretary ."	The artist slept .	entailment
"Although the senators thanked the actor , the professor called the secretaries ."	The senators thanked the actor .	entailment
"After the judges mentioned the professor , the managers recommended the artist ."	The judges mentioned the professor .	entailment
"Since the authors ran , the actor waited ."	The authors ran .	entailment
"Because the authors introduced the manager , the tourists called the presidents ."	The authors introduced the manager .	entailment
"Although the banker recognized the artists , the lawyers arrived ."	The banker recognized the artists .	entailment
"Since the author mentioned the presidents , the tourists recognized the senators ."	The author mentioned the presidents .	entailment
"Although the senator performed , the athlete resigned ."	The senator performed .	entailment
"After the scientists supported the manager , the senators helped the professor ."	The scientists supported the manager .	entailment
"Because the judges saw the artists , the professors slept ."	The judges saw the artists .	entailment
"While the president helped the author , the actor recommended the judge ."	The president helped the author .	entailment
"Before the judges admired the actors , the presidents thanked the managers ."	The judges admired the actors .	entailment
"After the senators contacted the actors , the artist stopped the managers ."	The senators contacted the actors .	entailment
"Because the artist danced , the doctors waited ."	The artist danced .	entailment
"Because the doctor arrived , the professors helped the author ."	The doctor arrived .	entailment
"While the lawyer avoided the secretary , the athletes stopped the senator ."	The lawyer avoided the secretary .	entailment
"While the professors mentioned the secretary , the president thanked the scientists ."	The professors mentioned the secretary .	entailment
"Although the doctor introduced the student , the president performed ."	The doctor introduced the student .	entailment
"Since the author admired the tourist , the president arrived ."	The author admired the tourist .	entailment
"Although the presidents saw the doctors , the secretary arrived ."	The presidents saw the doctors .	entailment
"After the bankers recommended the manager , the lawyers encouraged the doctors ."	The bankers recommended the manager .	entailment
"Since the bankers performed , the artists believed the scientists ."	The bankers performed .	entailment
"Because the banker recommended the authors , the president shouted ."	The banker recommended the authors .	entailment
"Before the presidents stopped the judge , the artists performed ."	The presidents stopped the judge .	entailment
"Because the students arrived , the secretary called the doctors ."	The students arrived .	entailment
"Because the judge advised the athletes , the lawyer introduced the secretaries ."	The judge advised the athletes .	entailment
"Since the bankers danced , the lawyers admired the authors ."	The bankers danced .	entailment
"Because the professors resigned , the president stopped the author ."	The professors resigned .	entailment
"After the secretaries thanked the doctors , the professor advised the lawyer ."	The secretaries thanked the doctors .	entailment
"While the senators shouted , the banker supported the students ."	The senators shouted .	entailment
"Since the professors mentioned the judge , the students waited ."	The professors mentioned the judge .	entailment
"Although the banker avoided the managers , the lawyers stopped the doctors ."	The banker avoided the managers .	entailment
"Because the authors stopped the secretaries , the actor admired the professors ."	The authors stopped the secretaries .	entailment
"Because the students ran , the senator recognized the lawyers ."	The students ran .	entailment
"After the scientists recommended the manager , the judge resigned ."	The scientists recommended the manager .	entailment
"After the presidents introduced the artists , the athlete admired the students ."	The presidents introduced the artists .	entailment
"Since the secretary admired the senator , the artists resigned ."	The secretary admired the senator .	entailment
"Although the senator waited , the professors performed ."	The senator waited .	entailment
"After the manager waited , the artist advised the athletes ."	The manager waited .	entailment
"After the student slept , the tourist believed the scientists ."	The student slept .	entailment
"Although the athletes waited , the scientist called the author ."	The athletes waited .	entailment
"Before the banker resigned , the lawyer performed ."	The banker resigned .	entailment
"Although the scientists thanked the senators , the tourists performed ."	The scientists thanked the senators .	entailment
"Because the scientist called the managers , the tourists slept ."	The scientist called the managers .	entailment
"After the tourists advised the students , the managers arrived ."	The tourists advised the students .	entailment
"Although the senators resigned , the judges ran ."	The senators resigned .	entailment
"Though the author encouraged the lawyer , the tourist waited ."	The author encouraged the lawyer .	entailment
"Since the doctor avoided the lawyers , the artists recognized the tourists ."	The doctor avoided the lawyers .	entailment
"Before the judges danced , the students shouted ."	The judges danced .	entailment
"After the tourists introduced the athletes , the scientists encouraged the lawyer ."	The tourists introduced the athletes .	entailment
"Before the author encouraged the secretaries , the lawyers recommended the actor ."	The author encouraged the secretaries .	entailment
"Though the senator avoided the scientist , the athletes helped the presidents ."	The senator avoided the scientist .	entailment
"Because the athletes arrived , the artists ran ."	The athletes arrived .	entailment
"Although the doctor recommended the banker , the scientist called the lawyer ."	The doctor recommended the banker .	entailment
"Though the scientists shouted , the professor admired the doctor ."	The scientists shouted .	entailment
"Before the scientists contacted the doctors , the tourists waited ."	The scientists contacted the doctors .	entailment
"After the author ran , the scientists recommended the secretaries ."	The author ran .	entailment
"Though the scientist contacted the professor , the managers saw the authors ."	The scientist contacted the professor .	entailment
"While the athlete slept , the authors believed the judge ."	The athlete slept .	entailment
"Before the athletes slept , the doctors arrived ."	The athletes slept .	entailment
"While the athletes supported the secretaries , the student advised the actors ."	The athletes supported the secretaries .	entailment
"While the authors slept , the managers contacted the lawyer ."	The authors slept .	entailment
"Because the president slept , the bankers arrived ."	The president slept .	entailment
"While the manager waited , the actor slept ."	The manager waited .	entailment
"Since the senators saw the actor , the manager introduced the scientist ."	The senators saw the actor .	entailment
"Although the scientist slept , the president advised the students ."	The scientist slept .	entailment
"Although the doctor saw the secretary , the presidents avoided the lawyers ."	The doctor saw the secretary .	entailment
"While the judges recognized the presidents , the scientists advised the secretary ."	The judges recognized the presidents .	entailment
"Since the senator encouraged the managers , the professor believed the lawyer ."	The senator encouraged the managers .	entailment
"Since the doctor mentioned the actors , the athlete recognized the lawyer ."	The doctor mentioned the actors .	entailment
"Although the senator believed the artists , the secretary ran ."	The senator believed the artists .	entailment
"Although the scientist stopped the lawyers , the tourists recognized the actor ."	The scientist stopped the lawyers .	entailment
"Although the judges recognized the professors , the scientist danced ."	The judges recognized the professors .	entailment
"Because the authors resigned , the athlete arrived ."	The authors resigned .	entailment
"Since the professor waited , the author called the lawyer ."	The professor waited .	entailment
"Since the secretaries helped the professors , the manager slept ."	The secretaries helped the professors .	entailment
"Since the tourists supported the lawyer , the athletes resigned ."	The tourists supported the lawyer .	entailment
"Though the professor thanked the doctors , the lawyers ran ."	The professor thanked the doctors .	entailment
"Although the banker shouted , the senator avoided the authors ."	The banker shouted .	entailment
"Before the athlete waited , the judge admired the scientists ."	The athlete waited .	entailment
"Though the president performed , the actors danced ."	The president performed .	entailment
"Before the doctors contacted the scientists , the tourist saw the judge ."	The doctors contacted the scientists .	entailment
"Since the professor recommended the judges , the lawyer recognized the scientists ."	The professor recommended the judges .	entailment
"Because the presidents saw the lawyers , the senator resigned ."	The presidents saw the lawyers .	entailment
"Since the artist avoided the judge , the president mentioned the senators ."	The artist avoided the judge .	entailment
"While the lawyer encouraged the professor , the artists performed ."	The lawyer encouraged the professor .	entailment
"After the doctors resigned , the managers avoided the judge ."	The doctors resigned .	entailment
"Though the senators recognized the professors , the presidents advised the scientists ."	The senators recognized the professors .	entailment
"Before the manager helped the lawyer , the artist slept ."	The manager helped the lawyer .	entailment
"Though the tourists danced , the judge ran ."	The tourists danced .	entailment
"While the scientist arrived , the athletes thanked the presidents ."	The scientist arrived .	entailment
"Since the doctors shouted , the professor waited ."	The doctors shouted .	entailment
"While the lawyers helped the secretaries , the scientists introduced the doctor ."	The lawyers helped the secretaries .	entailment
"After the actors encouraged the bankers , the secretary introduced the scientist ."	The actors encouraged the bankers .	entailment
"Since the actors recognized the athletes , the students stopped the secretary ."	The actors recognized the athletes .	entailment
"Before the banker admired the senators , the president stopped the tourist ."	The banker admired the senators .	entailment
"While the lawyer contacted the artists , the secretaries supported the scientist ."	The lawyer contacted the artists .	entailment
"Although the author advised the artists , the student supported the secretary ."	The author advised the artists .	entailment
"Before the judge arrived , the students performed ."	The judge arrived .	entailment
"Although the lawyer recognized the professor , the bankers encouraged the artists ."	The lawyer recognized the professor .	entailment
"Before the professor encouraged the judges , the authors slept ."	The professor encouraged the judges .	entailment
"After the doctors advised the president , the secretary recommended the senators ."	The doctors advised the president .	entailment
"While the actors advised the athletes , the artist ran ."	The actors advised the athletes .	entailment
"Before the professors danced , the scientist recognized the lawyer ."	The professors danced .	entailment
"Although the banker introduced the president , the artist thanked the doctor ."	The banker introduced the president .	entailment
"Though the presidents shouted , the managers arrived ."	The presidents shouted .	entailment
"Though the actors ran , the doctor introduced the lawyer ."	The actors ran .	entailment
"Since the doctor slept , the lawyers admired the banker ."	The doctor slept .	entailment
"Though the professors admired the lawyer , the scientist danced ."	The professors admired the lawyer .	entailment
"Though the senator believed the author , the actors mentioned the scientists ."	The senator believed the author .	entailment
"Though the lawyer arrived , the presidents recommended the bankers ."	The lawyer arrived .	entailment
"After the bankers believed the doctors , the professors recommended the senator ."	The bankers believed the doctors .	entailment
"After the actors mentioned the author , the scientists thanked the judges ."	The actors mentioned the author .	entailment
"Because the actor saw the judge , the president avoided the artists ."	The actor saw the judge .	entailment
"Although the artist mentioned the senators , the athletes waited ."	The artist mentioned the senators .	entailment
"After the artists believed the actors , the manager encouraged the authors ."	The artists believed the actors .	entailment
"Since the manager recommended the secretary , the athlete slept ."	The manager recommended the secretary .	entailment
"Before the managers recognized the lawyer , the authors shouted ."	The managers recognized the lawyer .	entailment
"Since the presidents recognized the athletes , the secretaries helped the professor ."	The presidents recognized the athletes .	entailment
"After the artists danced , the professor shouted ."	The artists danced .	entailment
"While the athletes introduced the doctor , the lawyers admired the senators ."	The athletes introduced the doctor .	entailment
"After the senators helped the professors , the banker avoided the lawyer ."	The senators helped the professors .	entailment
"Because the lawyer waited , the doctors supported the banker ."	The lawyer waited .	entailment
"Though the actor recognized the athlete , the lawyer performed ."	The actor recognized the athlete .	entailment
"Before the athlete supported the student , the doctors avoided the banker ."	The athlete supported the student .	entailment
"Before the athletes mentioned the actors , the students performed ."	The athletes mentioned the actors .	entailment
"Though the scientist saw the artists , the professor believed the lawyers ."	The scientist saw the artists .	entailment
"Since the tourists danced , the author supported the judge ."	The tourists danced .	entailment
"Though the artist saw the presidents , the doctor recognized the actors ."	The artist saw the presidents .	entailment
"While the actor avoided the scientist , the professor shouted ."	The actor avoided the scientist .	entailment
"Since the authors stopped the manager , the lawyer shouted ."	The authors stopped the manager .	entailment
"Before the scientists thanked the judges , the actors admired the manager ."	The scientists thanked the judges .	entailment
"Since the scientists avoided the doctor , the authors encouraged the bankers ."	The scientists avoided the doctor .	entailment
"After the artists contacted the senator , the judges thanked the athlete ."	The artists contacted the senator .	entailment
"While the secretaries danced , the bankers shouted ."	The secretaries danced .	entailment
"While the athlete encouraged the banker , the senator ran ."	The athlete encouraged the banker .	entailment
"After the managers introduced the presidents , the senator recommended the scientist ."	The managers introduced the presidents .	entailment
"While the athletes introduced the manager , the doctor saw the professors ."	The athletes introduced the manager .	entailment
"Because the lawyers recognized the actor , the managers recommended the president ."	The lawyers recognized the actor .	entailment
"After the bankers mentioned the lawyer , the doctor performed ."	The bankers mentioned the lawyer .	entailment
"Before the banker shouted , the lawyers thanked the secretaries ."	The banker shouted .	entailment
"After the professors mentioned the judges , the senators performed ."	The professors mentioned the judges .	entailment
"Because the secretary thanked the artists , the authors saw the banker ."	The secretary thanked the artists .	entailment
"Though the tourist ran , the professors helped the lawyers ."	The tourist ran .	entailment
"Though the professors stopped the actors , the secretaries supported the doctors ."	The professors stopped the actors .	entailment
"Since the scientists recognized the student , the banker performed ."	The scientists recognized the student .	entailment
"While the tourists recommended the scientist , the secretary resigned ."	The tourists recommended the scientist .	entailment
"Since the scientist ran , the judges recommended the professor ."	The scientist ran .	entailment
"Although the lawyers called the authors , the managers performed ."	The lawyers called the authors .	entailment
"After the lawyer avoided the doctors , the authors arrived ."	The lawyer avoided the doctors .	entailment
"Because the artists called the athlete , the judges supported the secretaries ."	The artists called the athlete .	entailment
"After the artist helped the scientist , the author mentioned the students ."	The artist helped the scientist .	entailment
"Since the secretaries performed , the actor shouted ."	The secretaries performed .	entailment
"Though the manager admired the professors , the senators thanked the president ."	The manager admired the professors .	entailment
"Although the authors contacted the bankers , the presidents saw the student ."	The authors contacted the bankers .	entailment
"Since the artists arrived , the judge ran ."	The artists arrived .	entailment
"While the lawyers recommended the president , the artist helped the senator ."	The lawyers recommended the president .	entailment
"Because the lawyers arrived , the managers recommended the doctors ."	The lawyers arrived .	entailment
"While the senators introduced the scientists , the lawyers called the professors ."	The senators introduced the scientists .	entailment
"Because the bankers performed , the artist mentioned the actors ."	The bankers performed .	entailment
"After the senator arrived , the students danced ."	The senator arrived .	entailment
"Although the tourist advised the author , the senators avoided the artists ."	The tourist advised the author .	entailment
"Though the actors believed the bankers , the lawyers mentioned the students ."	The actors believed the bankers .	entailment
"Before the actors supported the scientists , the artist danced ."	The actors supported the scientists .	entailment
"Though the banker mentioned the doctors , the judges helped the students ."	The banker mentioned the doctors .	entailment
"Though the secretaries introduced the artists , the judge thanked the athlete ."	The secretaries introduced the artists .	entailment
"While the secretaries saw the presidents , the artist slept ."	The secretaries saw the presidents .	entailment
"After the athletes slept , the judges believed the scientists ."	The athletes slept .	entailment
"Since the banker shouted , the athlete contacted the president ."	The banker shouted .	entailment
"Though the student called the tourist , the athletes performed ."	The student called the tourist .	entailment
"Although the students advised the lawyers , the actors mentioned the tourist ."	The students advised the lawyers .	entailment
"Though the actors recommended the judges , the lawyer shouted ."	The actors recommended the judges .	entailment
"Because the artist mentioned the professor , the manager slept ."	The artist mentioned the professor .	entailment
"While the athletes shouted , the doctor resigned ."	The athletes shouted .	entailment
"Although the doctor supported the secretary , the authors arrived ."	The doctor supported the secretary .	entailment
"Because the professors recommended the tourist , the artist admired the banker ."	The professors recommended the tourist .	entailment
"Before the secretaries stopped the author , the senator encouraged the tourists ."	The secretaries stopped the author .	entailment
"Before the actor recognized the scientists , the managers saw the presidents ."	The actor recognized the scientists .	entailment
"Though the judges danced , the doctor resigned ."	The judges danced .	entailment
"Although the authors slept , the secretaries advised the actors ."	The authors slept .	entailment
"Since the senator encouraged the professor , the actor advised the secretary ."	The senator encouraged the professor .	entailment
"Because the secretary helped the president , the tourists performed ."	The secretary helped the president .	entailment
"Though the scientists mentioned the professor , the athletes admired the students ."	The scientists mentioned the professor .	entailment
"While the professor contacted the actors , the doctor slept ."	The professor contacted the actors .	entailment
"Although the judge slept , the doctors stopped the banker ."	The judge slept .	entailment
"Though the scientists advised the judges , the managers performed ."	The scientists advised the judges .	entailment
"Although the tourists thanked the scientist , the bankers believed the author ."	The tourists thanked the scientist .	entailment
"After the actors recognized the tourist , the authors waited ."	The actors recognized the tourist .	entailment
"Though the actors supported the students , the professor mentioned the secretaries ."	The actors supported the students .	entailment
"Though the artists performed , the professors resigned ."	The artists performed .	entailment
"After the lawyers ran , the author recommended the tourists ."	The lawyers ran .	entailment
"Though the senator saw the president , the professor helped the managers ."	The senator saw the president .	entailment
"Though the judges mentioned the professor , the senator waited ."	The judges mentioned the professor .	entailment
"While the managers resigned , the artists contacted the professors ."	The managers resigned .	entailment
"After the student contacted the president , the secretaries shouted ."	The student contacted the president .	entailment
"Though the author supported the banker , the tourist danced ."	The author supported the banker .	entailment
"Before the tourists thanked the authors , the professor slept ."	The tourists thanked the authors .	entailment
"Although the author waited , the scientist contacted the judges ."	The author waited .	entailment
"Although the judges recognized the artists , the author supported the senators ."	The judges recognized the artists .	entailment
"Since the actors believed the athletes , the tourist stopped the doctors ."	The actors believed the athletes .	entailment
"Because the managers waited , the presidents introduced the judge ."	The managers waited .	entailment
"Before the professors arrived , the senators thanked the judges ."	The professors arrived .	entailment
"Since the lawyers performed , the tourist slept ."	The lawyers performed .	entailment
"Though the athletes performed , the banker ran ."	The athletes performed .	entailment
"After the students performed , the doctor thanked the manager ."	The students performed .	entailment
"Though the presidents introduced the professors , the managers arrived ."	The presidents introduced the professors .	entailment
"Although the doctors saw the presidents , the lawyers recommended the artists ."	The doctors saw the presidents .	entailment
"While the doctor called the lawyers , the artist advised the tourist ."	The doctor called the lawyers .	entailment
"After the artists mentioned the students , the professors danced ."	The artists mentioned the students .	entailment
"Because the lawyer believed the senator , the doctors performed ."	The lawyer believed the senator .	entailment
"While the president supported the actors , the senators shouted ."	The president supported the actors .	entailment
"Since the secretary stopped the presidents , the student slept ."	The secretary stopped the presidents .	entailment
"Since the athlete recommended the author , the secretary encouraged the scientist ."	The athlete recommended the author .	entailment
"Although the athlete called the scientists , the actor believed the authors ."	The athlete called the scientists .	entailment
"Because the secretaries thanked the tourist , the senator saw the doctor ."	The secretaries thanked the tourist .	entailment
"Although the bankers danced , the athlete called the lawyers ."	The bankers danced .	entailment
"Though the student encouraged the athletes , the bankers mentioned the authors ."	The student encouraged the athletes .	entailment
"Before the lawyers contacted the athlete , the president admired the senator ."	The lawyers contacted the athlete .	entailment
"Since the tourist believed the judges , the presidents mentioned the scientist ."	The tourist believed the judges .	entailment
"After the author performed , the professor thanked the scientist ."	The author performed .	entailment
"Since the actors introduced the students , the lawyer saw the manager ."	The actors introduced the students .	entailment
"Since the doctors believed the authors , the student performed ."	The doctors believed the authors .	entailment
"Because the artist thanked the student , the judges encouraged the lawyer ."	The artist thanked the student .	entailment
"While the secretaries contacted the lawyers , the actors ran ."	The secretaries contacted the lawyers .	entailment
"Though the actors admired the bankers , the athlete thanked the students ."	The actors admired the bankers .	entailment
"Because the tourists recommended the actor , the student helped the secretaries ."	The tourists recommended the actor .	entailment
"Because the artist supported the athlete , the senators shouted ."	The artist supported the athlete .	entailment
"Because the president avoided the scientists , the judges performed ."	The president avoided the scientists .	entailment
"Because the artist ran , the judge recognized the senators ."	The artist ran .	entailment
"Before the doctor shouted , the athletes saw the judge ."	The doctor shouted .	entailment
"Because the tourist saw the doctors , the student shouted ."	The tourist saw the doctors .	entailment
"After the actors advised the author , the professors helped the tourists ."	The actors advised the author .	entailment
"Since the senators thanked the president , the secretaries advised the authors ."	The senators thanked the president .	entailment
"Before the actors believed the doctors , the lawyer ran ."	The actors believed the doctors .	entailment
"Since the tourist arrived , the athletes believed the president ."	The tourist arrived .	entailment
"Although the actors arrived , the senator advised the scientists ."	The actors arrived .	entailment
"Though the athlete recognized the actor , the president avoided the scientists ."	The athlete recognized the actor .	entailment
"While the manager believed the tourist , the senators recognized the bankers ."	The manager believed the tourist .	entailment
"Although the scientists advised the doctor , the managers believed the judge ."	The scientists advised the doctor .	entailment
"After the doctors encouraged the lawyer , the tourist recommended the secretary ."	The doctors encouraged the lawyer .	entailment
"Since the manager encouraged the actors , the presidents waited ."	The manager encouraged the actors .	entailment
"Before the doctors supported the judges , the tourist admired the banker ."	The doctors supported the judges .	entailment
"Since the doctors waited , the athletes stopped the senators ."	The doctors waited .	entailment
"Although the manager mentioned the professor , the artists performed ."	The manager mentioned the professor .	entailment
"Though the actors shouted , the bankers called the scientists ."	The actors shouted .	entailment
"Because the students mentioned the secretaries , the doctors introduced the presidents ."	The students mentioned the secretaries .	entailment
"Since the doctor called the athletes , the scientist avoided the students ."	The doctor called the athletes .	entailment
"Before the artist waited , the athlete danced ."	The artist waited .	entailment
"After the managers encouraged the banker , the judge recognized the tourists ."	The managers encouraged the banker .	entailment
"Since the athletes shouted , the actor recognized the professor ."	The actor recognized the professor .	entailment
"After the manager encouraged the secretaries , the senator danced ."	The senator danced .	entailment
"Before the actor recommended the author , the lawyer danced ."	The lawyer danced .	entailment
"In case the actor helped the judge , the banker advised the lawyer ."	The banker advised the lawyer .	entailment
"Since the artist recommended the scientist , the actors ran ."	The actors ran .	entailment
"In case the scientists ran , the judges supported the athlete ."	The judges supported the athlete .	entailment
"Although the tourists recognized the doctors , the judge admired the professor ."	The judge admired the professor .	entailment
"Although the secretaries performed , the judges supported the scientist ."	The judges supported the scientist .	entailment
"Though the tourists recommended the managers , the scientists helped the authors ."	The scientists helped the authors .	entailment
"Because the students waited , the judge shouted ."	The judge shouted .	entailment
"While the artist slept , the professor performed ."	The professor performed .	entailment
"Because the bankers called the actor , the doctor saw the president ."	The doctor saw the president .	entailment
"Whether or not the artists shouted , the students stopped the president ."	The students stopped the president .	entailment
"Although the tourists introduced the senators , the managers called the doctor ."	The managers called the doctor .	entailment
"In case the students slept , the presidents shouted ."	The presidents shouted .	entailment
"While the tourists saw the lawyer , the scientists recognized the secretary ."	The scientists recognized the secretary .	entailment
"Since the actor performed , the athlete encouraged the lawyers ."	The athlete encouraged the lawyers .	entailment
"Whether or not the scientist performed , the secretary shouted ."	The secretary shouted .	entailment
"After the artist supported the manager , the doctors slept ."	The doctors slept .	entailment
"In case the senators introduced the students , the doctors danced ."	The doctors danced .	entailment
"Although the author advised the scientist , the actors danced ."	The actors danced .	entailment
"Since the tourist supported the president , the doctors called the scientist ."	The doctors called the scientist .	entailment
"Because the artist thanked the professors , the scientists avoided the judges ."	The scientists avoided the judges .	entailment
"Because the athletes ran , the lawyer encouraged the artist ."	The lawyer encouraged the artist .	entailment
"In case the actor danced , the lawyers recognized the senator ."	The lawyers recognized the senator .	entailment
"Whether or not the professor danced , the secretary saw the scientists ."	The secretary saw the scientists .	entailment
"Though the secretary advised the actors , the manager admired the lawyers ."	The manager admired the lawyers .	entailment
"Though the scientists recognized the lawyers , the doctors recommended the secretaries ."	The doctors recommended the secretaries .	entailment
"Although the president ran , the artists saw the secretary ."	The artists saw the secretary .	entailment
"While the professors avoided the secretary , the artist danced ."	The artist danced .	entailment
"After the athletes avoided the actor , the professors ran ."	The professors ran .	entailment
"While the doctors ran , the senators resigned ."	The senators resigned .	entailment
"Since the scientist admired the doctor , the actors mentioned the authors ."	The actors mentioned the authors .	entailment
"While the bankers arrived , the athletes ran ."	The athletes ran .	entailment
"Since the professors saw the students , the managers called the artists ."	The managers called the artists .	entailment
"After the senators believed the doctor , the bankers recommended the student ."	The bankers recommended the student .	entailment
"Although the student supported the artist , the judges resigned ."	The judges resigned .	entailment
"Whether or not the athletes danced , the presidents stopped the actor ."	The presidents stopped the actor .	entailment
"Although the managers thanked the professors , the athlete helped the secretary ."	The athlete helped the secretary .	entailment
"Because the actors contacted the manager , the students danced ."	The students danced .	entailment
"Before the athlete thanked the senator , the actors recommended the manager ."	The actors recommended the manager .	entailment
"Because the doctors introduced the senator , the president believed the manager ."	The president believed the manager .	entailment
"After the actors recommended the bankers , the managers saw the tourist ."	The managers saw the tourist .	entailment
"Because the senators stopped the manager , the artist helped the doctors ."	The artist helped the doctors .	entailment
"After the doctors performed , the bankers recommended the authors ."	The bankers recommended the authors .	entailment
"After the tourist recommended the judges , the author helped the actors ."	The author helped the actors .	entailment
"Whether or not the tourists supported the actor , the banker advised the students ."	The banker advised the students .	entailment
"Before the secretaries introduced the artists , the scientist advised the senators ."	The scientist advised the senators .	entailment
"After the author arrived , the bankers recommended the actor ."	The bankers recommended the actor .	entailment
"Since the actors stopped the managers , the judges waited ."	The judges waited .	entailment
"Though the artists shouted , the students ran ."	The students ran .	entailment
"Before the professors saw the doctors , the secretary thanked the bankers ."	The secretary thanked the bankers .	entailment
"In case the banker saw the lawyer , the presidents waited ."	The presidents waited .	entailment
"In case the secretaries helped the actors , the professor supported the artist ."	The professor supported the artist .	entailment
"Since the student arrived , the scientist admired the president ."	The scientist admired the president .	entailment
"Since the actors admired the scientists , the lawyer recommended the authors ."	The lawyer recommended the authors .	entailment
"Before the judge helped the senators , the actor mentioned the tourists ."	The actor mentioned the tourists .	entailment
"Before the actor waited , the authors introduced the scientists ."	The authors introduced the scientists .	entailment
"In case the managers supported the doctors , the student admired the secretary ."	The student admired the secretary .	entailment
"Since the actors helped the senator , the students admired the artist ."	The students admired the artist .	entailment
"Before the artists shouted , the students believed the managers ."	The students believed the managers .	entailment
"While the scientists supported the secretary , the authors contacted the lawyer ."	The authors contacted the lawyer .	entailment
"Because the presidents slept , the judge mentioned the authors ."	The judge mentioned the authors .	entailment
"Whether or not the judge thanked the senators , the author resigned ."	The author resigned .	entailment
"Because the secretary helped the actor , the scientist recognized the artists ."	The scientist recognized the artists .	entailment
"Since the secretary recognized the tourists , the athletes introduced the student ."	The athletes introduced the student .	entailment
"After the scientists recommended the secretary , the senators waited ."	The senators waited .	entailment
"Since the actor supported the students , the presidents called the doctors ."	The presidents called the doctors .	entailment
"In case the artist recommended the scientists , the manager stopped the judge ."	The manager stopped the judge .	entailment
"After the lawyers advised the athlete , the student admired the actors ."	The student admired the actors .	entailment
"Because the banker admired the athletes , the scientist waited ."	The scientist waited .	entailment
"Before the professor recognized the scientist , the doctors mentioned the authors ."	The doctors mentioned the authors .	entailment
"Whether or not the professor admired the doctors , the banker waited ."	The banker waited .	entailment
"While the scientists stopped the senators , the authors believed the athlete ."	The authors believed the athlete .	entailment
"Although the author recognized the professors , the manager ran ."	The manager ran .	entailment
"Before the professors performed , the lawyer avoided the managers ."	The lawyer avoided the managers .	entailment
"Though the judges recognized the author , the athletes called the scientist ."	The athletes called the scientist .	entailment
"Whether or not the lawyers advised the artist , the doctors avoided the student ."	The doctors avoided the student .	entailment
"After the doctors introduced the secretary , the student advised the managers ."	The student advised the managers .	entailment
"In case the judges slept , the artists contacted the tourists ."	The artists contacted the tourists .	entailment
"While the artists performed , the students danced ."	The students danced .	entailment
"Before the scientists contacted the authors , the secretary thanked the athletes ."	The secretary thanked the athletes .	entailment
"In case the student stopped the doctors , the senators recommended the secretary ."	The senators recommended the secretary .	entailment
"While the senators recommended the president , the artist shouted ."	The artist shouted .	entailment
"Since the judges recommended the actor , the secretary recognized the lawyer ."	The secretary recognized the lawyer .	entailment
"Although the tourists arrived , the secretary saw the lawyer ."	The secretary saw the lawyer .	entailment
"Though the senators recommended the athlete , the secretaries slept ."	The secretaries slept .	entailment
"While the athlete encouraged the senators , the judge recommended the author ."	The judge recommended the author .	entailment
"Whether or not the senator ran , the lawyer slept ."	The lawyer slept .	entailment
"Whether or not the managers ran , the president waited ."	The president waited .	entailment
"Since the athlete admired the secretaries , the doctors introduced the professors ."	The doctors introduced the professors .	entailment
"Since the professors supported the athletes , the banker mentioned the doctors ."	The banker mentioned the doctors .	entailment
"Since the professor waited , the author resigned ."	The author resigned .	entailment
"Since the manager danced , the authors recommended the tourist ."	The authors recommended the tourist .	entailment
"After the judge encouraged the scientist , the actors introduced the tourists ."	The actors introduced the tourists .	entailment
"Since the authors recommended the artists , the scientist helped the professor ."	The scientist helped the professor .	entailment
"After the students encouraged the scientists , the lawyers advised the judge ."	The lawyers advised the judge .	entailment
"In case the professors recommended the bankers , the doctors shouted ."	The doctors shouted .	entailment
"Though the lawyers slept , the scientists shouted ."	The scientists shouted .	entailment
"Although the secretary contacted the doctor , the scientists danced ."	The scientists danced .	entailment
"Since the professors waited , the lawyers shouted ."	The lawyers shouted .	entailment
"While the banker shouted , the scientist recommended the actors ."	The scientist recommended the actors .	entailment
"While the artists arrived , the tourist resigned ."	The tourist resigned .	entailment
"Although the student performed , the tourists danced ."	The tourists danced .	entailment
"Though the artist recommended the president , the senators waited ."	The senators waited .	entailment
"After the lawyers arrived , the authors avoided the actor ."	The authors avoided the actor .	entailment
"Because the artist waited , the athletes believed the bankers ."	The athletes believed the bankers .	entailment
"While the doctors arrived , the manager danced ."	The manager danced .	entailment
"Since the senator helped the authors , the artists advised the actor ."	The artists advised the actor .	entailment
"While the judge avoided the president , the actors believed the doctor ."	The actors believed the doctor .	entailment
"While the author advised the artist , the banker called the tourist ."	The banker called the tourist .	entailment
"Whether or not the artists performed , the athlete helped the students ."	The athlete helped the students .	entailment
"Before the doctor stopped the tourists , the athlete avoided the artists ."	The athlete avoided the artists .	entailment
"Since the professor admired the artist , the bankers contacted the secretary ."	The bankers contacted the secretary .	entailment
"After the lawyer shouted , the artist arrived ."	The artist arrived .	entailment
"Whether or not the lawyer danced , the authors believed the professors ."	The authors believed the professors .	entailment
"Because the senator shouted , the tourists recommended the banker ."	The tourists recommended the banker .	entailment
"Before the manager introduced the actor , the secretary shouted ."	The secretary shouted .	entailment
"While the judges resigned , the author waited ."	The author waited .	entailment
"Before the student advised the doctor , the presidents danced ."	The presidents danced .	entailment
"Because the scientist shouted , the artists helped the doctors ."	The artists helped the doctors .	entailment
"Though the professor helped the authors , the doctors supported the tourists ."	The doctors supported the tourists .	entailment
"Because the doctor called the lawyers , the athlete mentioned the presidents ."	The athlete mentioned the presidents .	entailment
"Though the presidents encouraged the senator , the managers arrived ."	The managers arrived .	entailment
"Whether or not the doctor danced , the actor supported the professors ."	The actor supported the professors .	entailment
"While the artist shouted , the lawyer resigned ."	The lawyer resigned .	entailment
"Whether or not the president advised the artists , the authors waited ."	The authors waited .	entailment
"After the athlete admired the students , the bankers thanked the author ."	The bankers thanked the author .	entailment
"Because the president danced , the judges contacted the senators ."	The judges contacted the senators .	entailment
"Although the managers arrived , the judges avoided the banker ."	The judges avoided the banker .	entailment
"Before the lawyer resigned , the managers recognized the professor ."	The managers recognized the professor .	entailment
"While the actors advised the professors , the scientist recommended the students ."	The scientist recommended the students .	entailment
"Because the tourist saw the athlete , the senators supported the student ."	The senators supported the student .	entailment
"Although the professors admired the lawyer , the artists danced ."	The artists danced .	entailment
"Because the bankers thanked the secretary , the judges stopped the artists ."	The judges stopped the artists .	entailment
"Whether or not the judge shouted , the secretaries believed the students ."	The secretaries believed the students .	entailment
"Since the author performed , the doctors encouraged the presidents ."	The doctors encouraged the presidents .	entailment
"Before the lawyer introduced the judge , the scientist saw the banker ."	The scientist saw the banker .	entailment
"While the manager encouraged the authors , the presidents waited ."	The presidents waited .	entailment
"After the actors supported the lawyers , the secretaries danced ."	The secretaries danced .	entailment
"After the students advised the professor , the senators shouted ."	The senators shouted .	entailment
"Because the lawyer recognized the artist , the actor saw the scientist ."	The actor saw the scientist .	entailment
"While the professor waited , the banker shouted ."	The banker shouted .	entailment
"After the judge recognized the secretary , the athlete resigned ."	The athlete resigned .	entailment
"Though the senators contacted the artists , the professor introduced the scientists ."	The professor introduced the scientists .	entailment
"Before the actor encouraged the students , the scientists slept ."	The scientists slept .	entailment
"Before the senators supported the student , the secretary ran ."	The secretary ran .	entailment
"After the banker admired the lawyer , the professors arrived ."	The professors arrived .	entailment
"While the authors stopped the judge , the scientists helped the manager ."	The scientists helped the manager .	entailment
"Because the actors believed the professor , the lawyers supported the tourist ."	The lawyers supported the tourist .	entailment
"In case the artist saw the professors , the student thanked the tourist ."	The student thanked the tourist .	entailment
"In case the students advised the tourists , the author danced ."	The author danced .	entailment
"Whether or not the secretary called the doctor , the senators resigned ."	The senators resigned .	entailment
"Although the senators arrived , the president mentioned the banker ."	The president mentioned the banker .	entailment
"Before the managers recommended the lawyer , the artist contacted the scientists ."	The artist contacted the scientists .	entailment
"Though the students admired the doctor , the scientists advised the judges ."	The scientists advised the judges .	entailment
"Whether or not the senator slept , the artist thanked the professor ."	The artist thanked the professor .	entailment
"Though the tourists slept , the presidents arrived ."	The presidents arrived .	entailment
"In case the banker called the president , the tourists encouraged the actor ."	The tourists encouraged the actor .	entailment
"In case the managers advised the senators , the doctors contacted the scientists ."	The doctors contacted the scientists .	entailment
"Although the artist slept , the judge encouraged the professor ."	The judge encouraged the professor .	entailment
"Because the actors advised the doctor , the lawyers mentioned the professors ."	The lawyers mentioned the professors .	entailment
"Whether or not the lawyers performed , the judge admired the artists ."	The judge admired the artists .	entailment
"While the artist recognized the athlete , the bankers helped the presidents ."	The bankers helped the presidents .	entailment
"Whether or not the scientist stopped the banker , the students contacted the presidents ."	The students contacted the presidents .	entailment
"Though the tourist called the bankers , the author mentioned the secretary ."	The author mentioned the secretary .	entailment
"Whether or not the lawyer helped the professor , the judge thanked the presidents ."	The judge thanked the presidents .	entailment
"Whether or not the president recognized the bankers , the students called the judges ."	The students called the judges .	entailment
"Since the president saw the professor , the lawyer slept ."	The lawyer slept .	entailment
"While the actors ran , the artists called the doctors ."	The artists called the doctors .	entailment
"After the banker believed the judge , the athletes contacted the presidents ."	The athletes contacted the presidents .	entailment
"While the athletes contacted the manager , the actors resigned ."	The actors resigned .	entailment
"Whether or not the manager helped the actor , the secretary contacted the tourists ."	The secretary contacted the tourists .	entailment
"Although the president waited , the judge helped the actors ."	The judge helped the actors .	entailment
"Though the lawyer recognized the athletes , the president saw the student ."	The president saw the student .	entailment
"While the doctors waited , the athletes admired the secretaries ."	The athletes admired the secretaries .	entailment
"In case the artist thanked the manager , the senators resigned ."	The senators resigned .	entailment
"Although the student avoided the authors , the presidents saw the athlete ."	The presidents saw the athlete .	entailment
"Though the managers advised the lawyers , the judge believed the athlete ."	The judge believed the athlete .	entailment
"After the bankers waited , the senator encouraged the secretaries ."	The senator encouraged the secretaries .	entailment
"In case the judge called the secretaries , the lawyer performed ."	The lawyer performed .	entailment
"Although the managers contacted the author , the judges ran ."	The judges ran .	entailment
"Since the artist helped the tourist , the doctors introduced the author ."	The doctors introduced the author .	entailment
"While the secretary stopped the athletes , the students admired the lawyers ."	The students admired the lawyers .	entailment
"In case the doctor called the manager , the professors recognized the students ."	The professors recognized the students .	entailment
"Since the athletes avoided the managers , the authors introduced the senators ."	The authors introduced the senators .	entailment
"In case the managers saw the doctors , the bankers resigned ."	The bankers resigned .	entailment
"After the students mentioned the senator , the doctor ran ."	The doctor ran .	entailment
"Since the president slept , the artist shouted ."	The artist shouted .	entailment
"After the presidents waited , the lawyers thanked the actors ."	The lawyers thanked the actors .	entailment
"Because the lawyers recognized the actor , the doctors contacted the senator ."	The doctors contacted the senator .	entailment
"Though the judges danced , the artists saw the scientists ."	The artists saw the scientists .	entailment
"Because the athlete waited , the tourist resigned ."	The tourist resigned .	entailment
"Because the secretaries slept , the professors performed ."	The professors performed .	entailment
"Whether or not the tourists performed , the students ran ."	The students ran .	entailment
"Since the athlete mentioned the tourists , the president recognized the actors ."	The president recognized the actors .	entailment
"Whether or not the scientist resigned , the lawyers introduced the athlete ."	The lawyers introduced the athlete .	entailment
"Whether or not the authors danced , the student supported the presidents ."	The student supported the presidents .	entailment
"While the scientist saw the banker , the student admired the artists ."	The student admired the artists .	entailment
"Before the banker advised the artist , the senator resigned ."	The senator resigned .	entailment
"Since the author introduced the actors , the senators called the tourists ."	The senators called the tourists .	entailment
"In case the president slept , the actors shouted ."	The actors shouted .	entailment
"After the manager thanked the lawyer , the banker mentioned the scientists ."	The banker mentioned the scientists .	entailment
"In case the lawyer recognized the author , the managers stopped the secretary ."	The managers stopped the secretary .	entailment
"Before the lawyer advised the authors , the scientists performed ."	The scientists performed .	entailment
"Although the authors thanked the managers , the athlete advised the doctors ."	The athlete advised the doctors .	entailment
"Because the presidents waited , the senator believed the lawyers ."	The senator believed the lawyers .	entailment
"Since the judges thanked the managers , the actor advised the president ."	The actor advised the president .	entailment
"Because the judge saw the bankers , the professor waited ."	The professor waited .	entailment
"Before the presidents thanked the tourists , the secretary shouted ."	The secretary shouted .	entailment
"In case the actor ran , the scientists arrived ."	The scientists arrived .	entailment
"In case the lawyers arrived , the actors ran ."	The actors ran .	entailment
"Whether or not the bankers recommended the authors , the secretary contacted the judges ."	The secretary contacted the judges .	entailment
"After the lawyer introduced the banker , the students arrived ."	The students arrived .	entailment
"In case the senator supported the students , the president thanked the lawyers ."	The president thanked the lawyers .	entailment
"Whether or not the artists waited , the actors admired the doctors ."	The actors admired the doctors .	entailment
"While the president avoided the judges , the athlete arrived ."	The athlete arrived .	entailment
"Since the tourists thanked the secretaries , the lawyers encouraged the student ."	The lawyers encouraged the student .	entailment
"Because the lawyer called the students , the banker admired the actor ."	The banker admired the actor .	entailment
"After the banker thanked the senators , the artist shouted ."	The artist shouted .	entailment
"Because the manager helped the tourists , the judge mentioned the professors ."	The judge mentioned the professors .	entailment
"Before the scientist slept , the senator saw the tourist ."	The senator saw the tourist .	entailment
"Although the doctor mentioned the student , the lawyer contacted the banker ."	The lawyer contacted the banker .	entailment
"Before the secretaries called the senators , the student shouted ."	The student shouted .	entailment
"While the senators introduced the students , the athletes supported the secretary ."	The athletes supported the secretary .	entailment
"After the tourists encouraged the senators , the judge waited ."	The judge waited .	entailment
"Whether or not the student stopped the senators , the artist slept ."	The artist slept .	entailment
"Whether or not the banker waited , the presidents introduced the senators ."	The presidents introduced the senators .	entailment
"Although the secretary helped the senators , the athlete stopped the lawyers ."	The athlete stopped the lawyers .	entailment
"Whether or not the artist arrived , the professor performed ."	The professor performed .	entailment
"While the students avoided the senator , the banker resigned ."	The banker resigned .	entailment
"Before the secretary supported the manager , the banker shouted ."	The banker shouted .	entailment
"Though the presidents recommended the athlete , the artist arrived ."	The artist arrived .	entailment
"While the artist contacted the presidents , the banker encouraged the professors ."	The banker encouraged the professors .	entailment
"Although the students danced , the artist arrived ."	The artist arrived .	entailment
"Though the professor advised the lawyer , the student ran ."	The student ran .	entailment
"In case the professor avoided the authors , the tourists advised the students ."	The tourists advised the students .	entailment
"After the managers performed , the artists ran ."	The artists ran .	entailment
"Though the author shouted , the manager resigned ."	The manager resigned .	entailment
"Since the artist slept , the banker recommended the scientists ."	The banker recommended the scientists .	entailment
"In case the actor arrived , the doctors advised the secretaries ."	The doctors advised the secretaries .	entailment
"Because the secretary waited , the professor avoided the senators ."	The professor avoided the senators .	entailment
"Before the secretaries waited , the athlete thanked the judges ."	The athlete thanked the judges .	entailment
"Though the managers thanked the tourists , the judges mentioned the president ."	The judges mentioned the president .	entailment
"After the secretaries resigned , the actors shouted ."	The actors shouted .	entailment
"In case the athletes believed the students , the actors arrived ."	The actors arrived .	entailment
"After the authors arrived , the actors encouraged the judges ."	The actors encouraged the judges .	entailment
"Whether or not the athlete ran , the judge supported the scientist ."	The judge supported the scientist .	entailment
"After the artist shouted , the author performed ."	The author performed .	entailment
"In case the actors shouted , the secretaries ran ."	The secretaries ran .	entailment
"Whether or not the tourists contacted the doctors , the banker believed the senator ."	The banker believed the senator .	entailment
"After the banker waited , the judges recognized the doctor ."	The judges recognized the doctor .	entailment
"Although the doctors performed , the lawyer ran ."	The lawyer ran .	entailment
"After the presidents avoided the professor , the authors recognized the artist ."	The authors recognized the artist .	entailment
"In case the professor stopped the doctor , the tourists mentioned the bankers ."	The tourists mentioned the bankers .	entailment
"After the bankers encouraged the president , the senator called the actor ."	The senator called the actor .	entailment
"In case the athletes shouted , the presidents supported the doctors ."	The presidents supported the doctors .	entailment
"Because the banker saw the professor , the senator contacted the managers ."	The senator contacted the managers .	entailment
"Because the actors resigned , the bankers supported the doctor ."	The bankers supported the doctor .	entailment
"While the lawyers avoided the president , the tourists shouted ."	The tourists shouted .	entailment
"After the president performed , the artists mentioned the students ."	The artists mentioned the students .	entailment
"After the secretary admired the actor , the athletes ran ."	The athletes ran .	entailment
"After the artist avoided the lawyer , the scientists saw the managers ."	The scientists saw the managers .	entailment
"Whether or not the scientist avoided the managers , the artist encouraged the author ."	The artist encouraged the author .	entailment
"Before the doctors mentioned the bankers , the athlete performed ."	The athlete performed .	entailment
"Although the president admired the athletes , the scientist encouraged the student ."	The scientist encouraged the student .	entailment
"Before the lawyer waited , the tourists stopped the professor ."	The tourists stopped the professor .	entailment
"Although the tourists waited , the banker arrived ."	The banker arrived .	entailment
"Though the artists introduced the doctors , the professor contacted the banker ."	The professor contacted the banker .	entailment
"In case the professors danced , the tourists supported the banker ."	The tourists supported the banker .	entailment
"Before the student danced , the professors waited ."	The professors waited .	entailment
"Though the athlete stopped the tourists , the secretaries slept ."	The secretaries slept .	entailment
"While the secretary supported the author , the lawyers stopped the actor ."	The lawyers stopped the actor .	entailment
"Whether or not the banker mentioned the doctor , the tourist resigned ."	The tourist resigned .	entailment
"Although the presidents stopped the author , the students ran ."	The students ran .	entailment
"Although the athlete contacted the actor , the doctors slept ."	The doctors slept .	entailment
"Because the authors helped the doctors , the student performed ."	The student performed .	entailment
"While the managers resigned , the artists shouted ."	The artists shouted .	entailment
"Because the presidents ran , the athletes mentioned the tourists ."	The athletes mentioned the tourists .	entailment
"Whether or not the authors arrived , the doctors stopped the judges ."	The doctors stopped the judges .	entailment
"While the students mentioned the artists , the manager called the professors ."	The manager called the professors .	entailment
"While the doctors ran , the manager waited ."	The manager waited .	entailment
"Since the professor danced , the judge saw the lawyer ."	The judge saw the lawyer .	entailment
"Though the athlete mentioned the actor , the student contacted the scientist ."	The student contacted the scientist .	entailment
"Before the doctor advised the student , the judges introduced the bankers ."	The judges introduced the bankers .	entailment
"Since the author avoided the judges , the artists stopped the doctor ."	The artists stopped the doctor .	entailment
"Though the actor avoided the lawyer , the senator believed the athletes ."	The senator believed the athletes .	entailment
"In case the actors advised the president , the doctors believed the judges ."	The doctors believed the judges .	entailment
"Though the president advised the judges , the athlete stopped the tourist ."	The athlete stopped the tourist .	entailment
"Whether or not the judge ran , the tourist introduced the lawyer ."	The tourist introduced the lawyer .	entailment
"After the judges recommended the tourists , the bankers encouraged the athletes ."	The bankers encouraged the athletes .	entailment
"Although the manager advised the secretary , the president helped the senator ."	The president helped the senator .	entailment
"In case the artist shouted , the senator advised the managers ."	The senator advised the managers .	entailment
"After the actors encouraged the doctor , the tourists mentioned the senator ."	The tourists mentioned the senator .	entailment
"In case the actors supported the bankers , the senators saw the tourist ."	The senators saw the tourist .	entailment
"Whether or not the tourist supported the professor , the presidents encouraged the bankers ."	The presidents encouraged the bankers .	entailment
"After the manager recognized the tourists , the professors ran ."	The professors ran .	entailment
"Since the athlete mentioned the manager , the tourists shouted ."	The tourists shouted .	entailment
"While the banker encouraged the students , the tourists recognized the senator ."	The tourists recognized the senator .	entailment
"Since the senators admired the doctor , the manager saw the judges ."	The manager saw the judges .	entailment
"Though the presidents slept , the students contacted the bankers ."	The students contacted the bankers .	entailment
"In case the tourists danced , the president contacted the doctors ."	The president contacted the doctors .	entailment
"Since the lawyer performed , the banker encouraged the senator ."	The banker encouraged the senator .	entailment
"Though the managers helped the students , the banker recognized the scientist ."	The banker recognized the scientist .	entailment
"Because the managers performed , the author slept ."	The author slept .	entailment
"Though the secretaries contacted the student , the artist believed the professors ."	The artist believed the professors .	entailment
"After the professors stopped the presidents , the scientist performed ."	The scientist performed .	entailment
"Before the doctors recognized the secretaries , the manager contacted the artist ."	The manager contacted the artist .	entailment
"Before the doctor introduced the artists , the tourist resigned ."	The tourist resigned .	entailment
"Before the actor encouraged the scientist , the managers shouted ."	The managers shouted .	entailment
"Though the authors resigned , the banker saw the scientist ."	The banker saw the scientist .	entailment
"Before the judge shouted , the artists performed ."	The artists performed .	entailment
"In case the tourist contacted the authors , the artist introduced the athletes ."	The artist introduced the athletes .	entailment
"In case the managers slept , the doctor advised the professor ."	The doctor advised the professor .	entailment
"Whether or not the artist believed the student , the scientist recommended the authors ."	The scientist recommended the authors .	entailment
"While the artist encouraged the student , the athletes recognized the author ."	The athletes recognized the author .	entailment
"While the authors believed the artist , the presidents recommended the senators ."	The presidents recommended the senators .	entailment
"Though the athlete recommended the manager , the presidents admired the senators ."	The presidents admired the senators .	entailment
"After the artists mentioned the bankers , the tourists arrived ."	The tourists arrived .	entailment
"Although the managers advised the actor , the bankers supported the tourist ."	The bankers supported the tourist .	entailment
"Before the senator contacted the actor , the secretaries called the judges ."	The secretaries called the judges .	entailment
"Though the lawyers saw the secretaries , the presidents resigned ."	The presidents resigned .	entailment
"Though the actor performed , the judges recommended the presidents ."	The judges recommended the presidents .	entailment
"Although the student encouraged the presidents , the senator resigned ."	The senator resigned .	entailment
"Because the judge ran , the author helped the managers ."	The author helped the managers .	entailment
"Although the authors slept , the senators encouraged the actors ."	The senators encouraged the actors .	entailment
"Because the student saw the artist , the senator ran ."	The senator ran .	entailment
"Before the banker arrived , the secretaries believed the artist ."	The secretaries believed the artist .	entailment
"While the bankers contacted the doctors , the senators recommended the tourist ."	The senators recommended the tourist .	entailment
"Whether or not the scientists encouraged the judge , the doctor believed the athlete ."	The doctor believed the athlete .	entailment
"Before the scientists saw the manager , the secretary recommended the authors ."	The secretary recommended the authors .	entailment
"After the actor avoided the author , the artists waited ."	The artists waited .	entailment
"In case the managers avoided the senators , the actors called the professors ."	The actors called the professors .	entailment
"Before the judges arrived , the manager thanked the athletes ."	The manager thanked the athletes .	entailment
"After the judges saw the bankers , the manager called the senators ."	The manager called the senators .	entailment
"Before the artists shouted , the student slept ."	The student slept .	entailment
"Though the authors supported the student , the lawyer encouraged the banker ."	The lawyer encouraged the banker .	entailment
"Although the professors shouted , the scientist arrived ."	The scientist arrived .	entailment
"While the judge introduced the student , the actors helped the scientist ."	The actors helped the scientist .	entailment
"Though the tourist recommended the managers , the judges admired the presidents ."	The judges admired the presidents .	entailment
"Since the actors waited , the students slept ."	The students slept .	entailment
"Although the lawyer recommended the students , the tourists danced ."	The tourists danced .	entailment
"After the scientist ran , the president admired the authors ."	The president admired the authors .	entailment
"Since the doctor advised the scientists , the banker danced ."	The banker danced .	entailment
"Although the author recognized the tourist , the scientist supported the doctors ."	The scientist supported the doctors .	entailment
"Because the scientist helped the senator , the athletes resigned ."	The athletes resigned .	entailment
"After the bankers introduced the doctors , the professors danced ."	The professors danced .	entailment
"Before the president recommended the athlete , the tourist saw the manager ."	The tourist saw the manager .	entailment
"Although the tourist recommended the student , the senators advised the doctors ."	The senators advised the doctors .	entailment
"Because the scientist admired the student , the tourists danced ."	The tourists danced .	entailment
"Because the manager encouraged the actors , the tourist shouted ."	The tourist shouted .	entailment
"Although the actor arrived , the doctors believed the secretaries ."	The doctors believed the secretaries .	entailment
"Since the actors recommended the doctor , the scientists saw the senators ."	The scientists saw the senators .	entailment
"While the authors recommended the tourist , the judges slept ."	The judges slept .	entailment
"Before the athlete performed , the doctor mentioned the presidents ."	The doctor mentioned the presidents .	entailment
"In case the actor resigned , the scientists slept ."	The scientists slept .	entailment
"After the athlete waited , the doctor saw the tourists ."	The doctor saw the tourists .	entailment
"Because the artist mentioned the professor , the scientists contacted the president ."	The scientists contacted the president .	entailment
"Whether or not the artists waited , the authors performed ."	The authors performed .	entailment
"Before the artists believed the judge , the presidents contacted the actors ."	The presidents contacted the actors .	entailment
"After the scientist recognized the manager , the doctors contacted the president ."	The doctors contacted the president .	entailment
"After the judge performed , the athlete recommended the student ."	The athlete recommended the student .	entailment
"Because the secretary believed the student , the actor slept ."	The actor slept .	entailment
"While the manager advised the secretary , the judge waited ."	The judge waited .	entailment
"Since the presidents called the professor , the lawyer saw the actors ."	The lawyer saw the actors .	entailment
"Since the secretaries shouted , the tourists called the senator ."	The tourists called the senator .	entailment
"Because the lawyer introduced the bankers , the student avoided the professors ."	The student avoided the professors .	entailment
"After the bankers resigned , the tourist danced ."	The tourist danced .	entailment
"Before the tourists mentioned the senators , the athletes danced ."	The athletes danced .	entailment
"Since the tourists waited , the author encouraged the professor ."	The author encouraged the professor .	entailment
"Although the professor resigned , the actors danced ."	The actors danced .	entailment
"Though the students performed , the judge helped the tourist ."	The judge helped the tourist .	entailment
"Before the scientists arrived , the judges recommended the tourist ."	The judges recommended the tourist .	entailment
"Since the judge mentioned the athletes , the lawyers resigned ."	The lawyers resigned .	entailment
"While the judge contacted the secretary , the professors shouted ."	The professors shouted .	entailment
"Whether or not the secretaries arrived , the senator danced ."	The senator danced .	entailment
"Though the actors saw the judge , the president mentioned the lawyers ."	The president mentioned the lawyers .	entailment
"Whether or not the presidents waited , the banker stopped the senator ."	The banker stopped the senator .	entailment
"Although the judges stopped the bankers , the secretary saw the doctors ."	The secretary saw the doctors .	entailment
"Because the president recognized the lawyer , the doctor called the bankers ."	The doctor called the bankers .	entailment
"Before the student supported the secretary , the authors slept ."	The authors slept .	entailment
"Before the presidents avoided the bankers , the artist introduced the lawyer ."	The artist introduced the lawyer .	entailment
"Although the student danced , the professors resigned ."	The professors resigned .	entailment
"Whether or not the secretary performed , the scientists resigned ."	The scientists resigned .	entailment
"Because the actors mentioned the scientist , the doctor recommended the senator ."	The doctor recommended the senator .	entailment
"Whether or not the secretaries admired the athletes , the managers shouted ."	The managers shouted .	entailment
"Although the student performed , the presidents avoided the actor ."	The presidents avoided the actor .	entailment
"While the manager recognized the scientists , the lawyers resigned ."	The lawyers resigned .	entailment
"Whether or not the scientists admired the professors , the judge contacted the students ."	The judge contacted the students .	entailment
"Before the managers shouted , the athletes avoided the secretaries ."	The athletes avoided the secretaries .	entailment
"Before the professors called the doctor , the athletes contacted the actor ."	The athletes contacted the actor .	entailment
"Whether or not the student stopped the presidents , the doctor contacted the professors ."	The doctor contacted the professors .	entailment
"Since the president supported the judge , the actors called the managers ."	The actors called the managers .	entailment
"Before the scientist introduced the student , the professor believed the managers ."	The professor believed the managers .	entailment
"After the author stopped the managers , the athletes advised the doctor ."	The athletes advised the doctor .	entailment
"Although the authors believed the tourists , the students encouraged the judge ."	The students encouraged the judge .	entailment
"While the scientist believed the lawyers , the doctor shouted ."	The doctor shouted .	entailment
"In case the scientist contacted the managers , the tourist avoided the authors ."	The tourist avoided the authors .	entailment
"Before the doctor shouted , the tourist advised the artists ."	The tourist advised the artists .	entailment
"Whether or not the secretary recommended the athlete , the manager stopped the author ."	The manager stopped the author .	entailment
"Before the senators called the presidents , the students ran ."	The students ran .	entailment
"Because the artist shouted , the judges recommended the secretaries ."	The judges recommended the secretaries .	entailment
"After the judge resigned , the doctor ran ."	The doctor ran .	entailment
"While the artists called the judge , the manager ran ."	The manager ran .	entailment
"Although the actors recognized the author , the professors helped the student ."	The professors helped the student .	entailment
"Since the artists advised the athletes , the student admired the author ."	The student admired the author .	entailment
"Before the banker encouraged the lawyers , the doctor danced ."	The doctor danced .	entailment
"Though the athletes saw the actor , the secretary ran ."	The secretary ran .	entailment
"Though the judge ran , the professor shouted ."	The professor shouted .	entailment
"After the judges avoided the lawyers , the secretaries admired the author ."	The secretaries admired the author .	entailment
"While the authors encouraged the senators , the president arrived ."	The president arrived .	entailment
"In case the president introduced the bankers , the tourists arrived ."	The tourists arrived .	entailment
"Because the secretaries recognized the bankers , the lawyers encouraged the professors ."	The lawyers encouraged the professors .	entailment
"While the scientists slept , the doctors supported the managers ."	The doctors supported the managers .	entailment
"After the doctors slept , the senator believed the professors ."	The senator believed the professors .	entailment
"In case the secretaries mentioned the lawyer , the actors resigned ."	The actors resigned .	entailment
"Since the secretaries shouted , the scientists supported the senator ."	The scientists supported the senator .	entailment
"Because the athletes waited , the tourists advised the presidents ."	The tourists advised the presidents .	entailment
"Although the president believed the athlete , the senator admired the artists ."	The senator admired the artists .	entailment
"Before the tourist arrived , the artist performed ."	The artist performed .	entailment
"Because the judges believed the tourists , the actors stopped the manager ."	The actors stopped the manager .	entailment
"After the secretary believed the athletes , the actors mentioned the senator ."	The actors mentioned the senator .	entailment
"Whether or not the president performed , the actor resigned ."	The actor resigned .	entailment
"Whether or not the lawyer slept , the students saw the senators ."	The students saw the senators .	entailment
"Although the actors performed , the lawyers slept ."	The lawyers slept .	entailment
"Before the doctor helped the author , the managers slept ."	The managers slept .	entailment
"Whether or not the managers admired the athletes , the authors thanked the doctors ."	The authors thanked the doctors .	entailment
"Whether or not the professor supported the tourists , the secretaries recognized the doctor ."	The secretaries recognized the doctor .	entailment
"Though the doctor helped the scientist , the athlete called the professors ."	The athlete called the professors .	entailment
"In case the doctor danced , the actor helped the students ."	The actor helped the students .	entailment
"Whether or not the students saw the managers , the secretary introduced the doctor ."	The secretary introduced the doctor .	entailment
"In case the president resigned , the actor performed ."	The actor performed .	entailment
"After the lawyer recommended the secretaries , the professors encouraged the athletes ."	The professors encouraged the athletes .	entailment
"Before the actor thanked the artists , the judge arrived ."	The judge arrived .	entailment
"While the student performed , the tourist waited ."	The tourist waited .	entailment
"Since the managers shouted , the doctors encouraged the tourist ."	The doctors encouraged the tourist .	entailment
"Because the scientists called the actor , the bankers admired the professor ."	The bankers admired the professor .	entailment
"Although the judge recognized the scientist , the banker resigned ."	The banker resigned .	entailment
"Though the authors ran , the doctors contacted the tourists ."	The doctors contacted the tourists .	entailment
"In case the tourists recommended the lawyer , the scientist believed the presidents ."	The scientist believed the presidents .	entailment
"Although the author performed , the president shouted ."	The president shouted .	entailment
"While the athletes helped the judges , the doctor stopped the bankers ."	The doctor stopped the bankers .	entailment
"Whether or not the doctor admired the bankers , the actor shouted ."	The actor shouted .	entailment
"In case the bankers mentioned the authors , the lawyers supported the president ."	The lawyers supported the president .	entailment
"In case the lawyers slept , the authors called the professors ."	The authors called the professors .	entailment
"Although the president resigned , the managers helped the scientists ."	The managers helped the scientists .	entailment
"In case the authors supported the tourists , the student encouraged the secretary ."	The student encouraged the secretary .	entailment
"After the secretaries helped the professor , the athletes introduced the judges ."	The athletes introduced the judges .	entailment
"While the athlete slept , the students recognized the author ."	The students recognized the author .	entailment
"Before the presidents ran , the author supported the judge ."	The author supported the judge .	entailment
"After the secretary introduced the author , the athletes slept ."	The athletes slept .	entailment
"Though the actor shouted , the lawyer encouraged the artists ."	The lawyer encouraged the artists .	entailment
"Though the lawyer advised the secretaries , the authors resigned ."	The authors resigned .	entailment
"Although the tourists helped the author , the athlete arrived ."	The athlete arrived .	entailment
"Although the author supported the scientists , the actors thanked the athletes ."	The actors thanked the athletes .	entailment
"Before the professor advised the bankers , the artists performed ."	The artists performed .	entailment
"Before the doctors thanked the secretaries , the artist stopped the professor ."	The artist stopped the professor .	entailment
"Although the scientist saw the senators , the author helped the athletes ."	The author helped the athletes .	entailment
"While the student believed the secretary , the professor performed ."	The professor performed .	entailment
"While the actors mentioned the lawyer , the judges resigned ."	The judges resigned .	entailment
"After the senators recommended the banker , the lawyers arrived ."	The lawyers arrived .	entailment
"While the actors performed , the bankers contacted the scientists ."	The bankers contacted the scientists .	entailment
"Though the managers advised the lawyer , the president danced ."	The president danced .	entailment
"Though the doctors mentioned the author , the artists stopped the manager ."	The artists stopped the manager .	entailment
"Because the bankers stopped the artist , the athletes recommended the secretary ."	The athletes recommended the secretary .	entailment
"In case the professor slept , the artist mentioned the banker ."	The artist mentioned the banker .	entailment
"Whether or not the banker believed the presidents , the professors resigned ."	The professors resigned .	entailment
"Although the student avoided the banker , the tourist believed the judge ."	The tourist believed the judge .	entailment
"Because the authors waited , the doctor arrived ."	The doctor arrived .	entailment
"Though the actors helped the lawyers , the judge introduced the banker ."	The judge introduced the banker .	entailment
"In case the authors ran , the artist saw the bankers ."	The artist saw the bankers .	entailment
"Though the managers encouraged the lawyer , the author recommended the senators ."	The author recommended the senators .	entailment
"Because the actor danced , the president encouraged the managers ."	The president encouraged the managers .	entailment
"In case the artists slept , the students mentioned the senator ."	The students mentioned the senator .	entailment
"Since the president slept , the actors admired the lawyer ."	The actors admired the lawyer .	entailment
"After the president helped the artists , the tourist admired the athlete ."	The tourist admired the athlete .	entailment
"Because the judge supported the tourist , the actors recognized the managers ."	The actors recognized the managers .	entailment
"While the scientists recognized the doctor , the banker supported the athletes ."	The banker supported the athletes .	entailment
"After the senator contacted the student , the artists introduced the actor ."	The artists introduced the actor .	entailment
"Although the artist resigned , the lawyer danced ."	The lawyer danced .	entailment
"While the authors introduced the athlete , the artist waited ."	The artist waited .	entailment
"Before the artist shouted , the senators saw the student ."	The senators saw the student .	entailment
"Although the scientist slept , the professors thanked the athletes ."	The professors thanked the athletes .	entailment
"Though the students advised the scientist , the artists arrived ."	The artists arrived .	entailment
"After the judges stopped the presidents , the students admired the secretaries ."	The students admired the secretaries .	entailment
"Although the authors called the lawyers , the judges resigned ."	The judges resigned .	entailment
"Since the authors ran , the students recommended the senators ."	The students recommended the senators .	entailment
"After the presidents shouted , the manager helped the lawyer ."	The manager helped the lawyer .	entailment
"In case the president shouted , the student called the athletes ."	The student called the athletes .	entailment
"After the professors called the tourist , the secretaries supported the bankers ."	The secretaries supported the bankers .	entailment
"Whether or not the doctor encouraged the author , the artists shouted ."	The artists shouted .	entailment
"Although the managers shouted , the students saw the professors ."	The students saw the professors .	entailment
"Because the senators waited , the professor recommended the athlete ."	The professor recommended the athlete .	entailment
"In case the professor recognized the managers , the judge mentioned the senator ."	The judge mentioned the senator .	entailment
"Since the manager advised the student , the president helped the lawyer ."	The president helped the lawyer .	entailment
"Since the author performed , the scientist waited ."	The scientist waited .	entailment
"Because the secretaries shouted , the manager advised the actor ."	The manager advised the actor .	entailment
"While the president mentioned the tourist , the authors encouraged the secretary ."	The authors encouraged the secretary .	entailment
"In case the actors advised the secretary , the student slept ."	The student slept .	entailment
"Though the managers stopped the tourist , the senators performed ."	The senators performed .	entailment
"After the lawyer slept , the managers advised the tourist ."	The managers advised the tourist .	entailment
"After the tourists recognized the senators , the secretary arrived ."	The secretary arrived .	entailment
"In case the senators shouted , the secretaries called the artists ."	The secretaries called the artists .	entailment
"Since the senators saw the actor , the professors arrived ."	The professors arrived .	entailment
"While the scientists recognized the secretary , the manager helped the doctors ."	The manager helped the doctors .	entailment
"Because the scientists recommended the president , the senators saw the lawyers ."	The senators saw the lawyers .	entailment
"Although the senators recognized the bankers , the lawyers mentioned the judges ."	The lawyers mentioned the judges .	entailment
"In case the lawyers slept , the judge danced ."	The judge danced .	entailment
"After the students contacted the judges , the actor danced ."	The actor danced .	entailment
"Whether or not the managers contacted the artist , the tourist arrived ."	The tourist arrived .	entailment
"Though the student introduced the doctors , the actors supported the managers ."	The actors supported the managers .	entailment
"In case the managers believed the author , the judge danced ."	The judge danced .	entailment
"Though the doctor waited , the professor arrived ."	The professor arrived .	entailment
"In case the artists avoided the author , the secretaries stopped the president ."	The secretaries stopped the president .	entailment
"Since the artists supported the managers , the athletes performed ."	The athletes performed .	entailment
"In case the authors called the professor , the doctors advised the students ."	The doctors advised the students .	entailment
"Although the bankers thanked the lawyer , the artist introduced the actors ."	The artist introduced the actors .	entailment
"After the scientist ran , the lawyer helped the senator ."	The lawyer helped the senator .	entailment
"In case the secretary danced , the scientists slept ."	The scientists slept .	entailment
"Though the student thanked the doctor , the tourists avoided the athletes ."	The tourists avoided the athletes .	entailment
"While the authors performed , the manager avoided the lawyer ."	The manager avoided the lawyer .	entailment
"Although the bankers recognized the actor , the students performed ."	The students performed .	entailment
"Since the artist thanked the athlete , the tourist ran ."	The tourist ran .	entailment
"Since the scientists avoided the president , the banker saw the senator ."	The banker saw the senator .	entailment
"Since the senators advised the scientist , the author encouraged the artist ."	The author encouraged the artist .	entailment
"Because the athlete ran , the professors introduced the presidents ."	The professors introduced the presidents .	entailment
"Since the athlete called the senators , the lawyers recognized the president ."	The lawyers recognized the president .	entailment
"Though the doctors thanked the lawyers , the president resigned ."	The president resigned .	entailment
"Before the student saw the scientist , the lawyer waited ."	The lawyer waited .	entailment
"Since the athletes arrived , the judges waited ."	The judges waited .	entailment
"After the scientist encouraged the professors , the doctor called the bankers ."	The doctor called the bankers .	entailment
"After the manager thanked the scientists , the doctor arrived ."	The doctor arrived .	entailment
"Before the senators thanked the scientist , the lawyer mentioned the artist ."	The lawyer mentioned the artist .	entailment
"After the secretary arrived , the tourists thanked the judges ."	The tourists thanked the judges .	entailment
"Though the president slept , the banker introduced the doctor ."	The banker introduced the doctor .	entailment
"Because the secretaries danced , the presidents advised the bankers ."	The presidents advised the bankers .	entailment
"Although the athlete performed , the actor shouted ."	The actor shouted .	entailment
"While the athlete helped the secretaries , the doctor called the professor ."	The doctor called the professor .	entailment
"Before the scientist stopped the doctors , the president recognized the authors ."	The president recognized the authors .	entailment
"After the secretaries arrived , the professors danced ."	The professors danced .	entailment
"After the students arrived , the authors contacted the banker ."	The authors contacted the banker .	entailment
"Although the scientist admired the artists , the athlete recognized the secretary ."	The athlete recognized the secretary .	entailment
"Since the judge recognized the authors , the doctors performed ."	The doctors performed .	entailment
"After the banker recognized the athletes , the manager waited ."	The manager waited .	entailment
"After the professors saw the tourists , the doctors performed ."	The doctors performed .	entailment
"Since the scientists believed the student , the judge performed ."	The judge performed .	entailment
"In case the lawyers danced , the athletes saw the senators ."	The athletes saw the senators .	entailment
"Although the artist encouraged the presidents , the secretary shouted ."	The secretary shouted .	entailment
"Since the presidents called the tourists , the students supported the manager ."	The students supported the manager .	entailment
"In case the judges thanked the authors , the artists advised the presidents ."	The artists advised the presidents .	entailment
"Although the banker called the actors , the secretaries recommended the artist ."	The secretaries recommended the artist .	entailment
"After the professor recommended the scientist , the banker encouraged the doctors ."	The banker encouraged the doctors .	entailment
"Though the presidents admired the athletes , the scientists recognized the manager ."	The scientists recognized the manager .	entailment
"In case the artists admired the doctors , the athletes mentioned the secretaries ."	The athletes mentioned the secretaries .	entailment
"Because the secretary avoided the lawyers , the students supported the professor ."	The students supported the professor .	entailment
"Although the bankers resigned , the senators slept ."	The senators slept .	entailment
"Whether or not the senators stopped the banker , the doctor introduced the lawyers ."	The doctor introduced the lawyers .	entailment
"Because the tourist believed the senators , the authors resigned ."	The authors resigned .	entailment
"Because the bankers avoided the students , the professor slept ."	The professor slept .	entailment
"Though the author stopped the lawyers , the secretary recognized the scientists ."	The secretary recognized the scientists .	entailment
"Although the tourist resigned , the president called the bankers ."	The president called the bankers .	entailment
"While the tourists encouraged the authors , the president shouted ."	The president shouted .	entailment
"Whether or not the athletes called the bankers , the president danced ."	The president danced .	entailment
"Because the lawyers waited , the doctors contacted the student ."	The doctors contacted the student .	entailment
"Since the manager introduced the president , the doctors slept ."	The doctors slept .	entailment
"In case the scientist recognized the authors , the secretaries thanked the senator ."	The secretaries thanked the senator .	entailment
"After the bankers encouraged the manager , the lawyers believed the actors ."	The lawyers believed the actors .	entailment
"Though the artists mentioned the secretary , the athlete ran ."	The athlete ran .	entailment
"Although the athlete recommended the doctors , the authors contacted the manager ."	The authors contacted the manager .	entailment
"Because the scientists supported the athletes , the bankers encouraged the doctor ."	The bankers encouraged the doctor .	entailment
"Since the artists mentioned the doctor , the students avoided the lawyer ."	The students avoided the lawyer .	entailment
"Though the actor mentioned the secretaries , the students called the tourists ."	The students called the tourists .	entailment
"Though the senator resigned , the managers helped the author ."	The managers helped the author .	entailment
"Since the athletes called the scientists , the bankers contacted the secretary ."	The bankers contacted the secretary .	entailment
"Since the manager avoided the scientist , the senator danced ."	The senator danced .	entailment
"Though the presidents ran , the banker avoided the athletes ."	The banker avoided the athletes .	entailment
"Whether or not the athletes danced , the scientist supported the senators ."	The scientist supported the senators .	entailment
"Since the manager avoided the athletes , the judge slept ."	The judge slept .	entailment
"Whether or not the managers thanked the author , the professors believed the judges ."	The professors believed the judges .	entailment
"Before the secretaries helped the tourists , the student admired the judge ."	The student admired the judge .	entailment
"After the secretary ran , the athlete mentioned the artist ."	The athlete mentioned the artist .	entailment
"Because the president thanked the author , the doctors supported the scientists ."	The doctors supported the scientists .	entailment
"Whether or not the lawyer helped the secretaries , the bankers stopped the manager ."	The bankers stopped the manager .	entailment
"After the scientist called the senators , the tourists encouraged the students ."	The tourists encouraged the students .	entailment
"Because the judges called the doctors , the senators saw the actors ."	The senators saw the actors .	entailment
"Because the senator called the athlete , the scientist resigned ."	The scientist resigned .	entailment
"Whether or not the actors contacted the authors , the scientist thanked the tourists ."	The scientist thanked the tourists .	entailment
"After the professors resigned , the presidents ran ."	The presidents ran .	entailment
"Since the judges advised the actor , the senator called the author ."	The senator called the author .	entailment
"While the student shouted , the actors encouraged the judges ."	The actors encouraged the judges .	entailment
"Though the senator ran , the presidents avoided the secretary ."	The presidents avoided the secretary .	entailment
"Whether or not the managers waited , the professor resigned ."	The professor resigned .	entailment
"In case the doctors avoided the scientist , the professor slept ."	The professor slept .	entailment
"While the artists avoided the secretaries , the doctors ran ."	The doctors ran .	entailment
"Because the president recommended the author , the students saw the secretary ."	The students saw the secretary .	entailment
"After the athletes shouted , the presidents thanked the judges ."	The presidents thanked the judges .	entailment
"After the lawyer slept , the scientists contacted the student ."	The scientists contacted the student .	entailment
"While the professor danced , the managers believed the actor ."	The managers believed the actor .	entailment
"Because the artist recognized the senators , the doctors arrived ."	The doctors arrived .	entailment
"Since the doctors stopped the secretary , the judges resigned ."	The judges resigned .	entailment
"In case the scientists performed , the athlete advised the senator ."	The athlete advised the senator .	entailment
"Before the authors avoided the artists , the actors recommended the secretaries ."	The actors recommended the secretaries .	entailment
"After the student called the secretary , the author resigned ."	The author resigned .	entailment
"Although the student danced , the actor ran ."	The actor ran .	entailment
"Although the athletes introduced the managers , the student contacted the secretaries ."	The student contacted the secretaries .	entailment
"Since the athlete thanked the judges , the professor recognized the scientist ."	The professor recognized the scientist .	entailment
"Before the judges performed , the artists introduced the president ."	The artists introduced the president .	entailment
"Whether or not the judge ran , the scientist called the bankers ."	The scientist called the bankers .	entailment
"Because the senator danced , the student encouraged the tourist ."	The student encouraged the tourist .	entailment
"Because the athletes performed , the artist shouted ."	The artist shouted .	entailment
"Whether or not the actor introduced the tourist , the authors danced ."	The authors danced .	entailment
"Because the senator believed the professors , the president encouraged the artists ."	The president encouraged the artists .	entailment
"Although the students supported the lawyers , the secretaries contacted the actor ."	The secretaries contacted the actor .	entailment
"Though the professor avoided the artist , the athlete admired the lawyers ."	The athlete admired the lawyers .	entailment
"Though the scientists recommended the athletes , the tourists saw the secretaries ."	The tourists saw the secretaries .	entailment
"After the tourists recognized the doctors , the author mentioned the lawyers ."	The author mentioned the lawyers .	entailment
"After the actors slept , the senators avoided the lawyer ."	The senators avoided the lawyer .	entailment
"In case the athlete contacted the actor , the doctor shouted ."	The doctor shouted .	entailment
"After the authors contacted the senators , the doctor slept ."	The doctor slept .	entailment
"Since the managers waited , the scientist resigned ."	The scientist resigned .	entailment
"Before the actors performed , the doctors helped the lawyers ."	The doctors helped the lawyers .	entailment
"Before the athletes contacted the secretaries , the bankers called the professor ."	The bankers called the professor .	entailment
"Before the author shouted , the doctor contacted the banker ."	The doctor contacted the banker .	entailment
"While the doctor thanked the managers , the judge avoided the banker ."	The judge avoided the banker .	entailment
"Whether or not the manager encouraged the lawyers , the judge waited ."	The judge waited .	entailment
"Although the athletes advised the senators , the artists stopped the authors ."	The artists stopped the authors .	entailment
"In case the tourists supported the actor , the professors avoided the bankers ."	The professors avoided the bankers .	entailment
"Before the scientist helped the senators , the president avoided the student ."	The president avoided the student .	entailment
"Whether or not the authors recommended the professor , the banker arrived ."	The banker arrived .	entailment
"Although the judge recommended the artist , the scientists helped the lawyer ."	The scientists helped the lawyer .	entailment
"Since the actors admired the students , the doctors stopped the artist ."	The doctors stopped the artist .	entailment
"Before the doctor arrived , the actor recommended the professor ."	The actor recommended the professor .	entailment
"Although the doctor stopped the manager , the actor mentioned the judges ."	The actor mentioned the judges .	entailment
"Though the actor recommended the lawyers , the president danced ."	The president danced .	entailment
"Although the students performed , the lawyer resigned ."	The lawyer resigned .	entailment
"In case the lawyers waited , the senator called the students ."	The senator called the students .	entailment
"In case the president recognized the banker , the students avoided the scientist ."	The students avoided the scientist .	entailment
"Although the student resigned , the athletes helped the secretary ."	The athletes helped the secretary .	entailment
"After the lawyers mentioned the authors , the judges recognized the student ."	The judges recognized the student .	entailment
"While the professor encouraged the student , the scientist waited ."	The scientist waited .	entailment
"Because the student performed , the senators believed the bankers ."	The senators believed the bankers .	entailment
"Before the banker resigned , the professors recognized the judges ."	The professors recognized the judges .	entailment
"Because the actors admired the doctors , the lawyers waited ."	The lawyers waited .	entailment
"Whether or not the artist resigned , the athletes recommended the students ."	The athletes recommended the students .	entailment
"Since the doctors danced , the tourists supported the managers ."	The tourists supported the managers .	entailment
"Although the senators ran , the managers called the professor ."	The managers called the professor .	entailment
"Though the actor helped the bankers , the president stopped the secretaries ."	The president stopped the secretaries .	entailment
"Because the secretary waited , the actors called the judges ."	The actors called the judges .	entailment
"Although the doctors ran , the judges thanked the professors ."	The judges thanked the professors .	entailment
"Before the bankers avoided the senators , the manager performed ."	The manager performed .	entailment
"In case the doctor believed the judge , the athlete avoided the manager ."	The athlete avoided the manager .	entailment
"After the professors believed the tourists , the president performed ."	The president performed .	entailment
"Because the actors helped the scientist , the author ran ."	The author ran .	entailment
"While the tourists introduced the artists , the athletes believed the senator ."	The athletes believed the senator .	entailment
"Whether or not the professor recommended the authors , the tourists contacted the artists ."	The tourists contacted the artists .	entailment
"Although the tourist danced , the doctors shouted ."	The doctors shouted .	entailment
"Though the scientist mentioned the actors , the artist waited ."	The artist waited .	entailment
"While the athletes mentioned the tourist , the lawyer danced ."	The lawyer danced .	entailment
"After the secretary encouraged the senator , the authors recognized the scientist ."	The authors recognized the scientist .	entailment
"Before the doctor recommended the actor , the tourist waited ."	The tourist waited .	entailment
"Because the judges recommended the doctor , the managers danced ."	The managers danced .	entailment
"While the senator thanked the manager , the professor helped the president ."	The professor helped the president .	entailment
"Although the authors recognized the athletes , the tourist slept ."	The tourist slept .	entailment
"Although the professors recognized the athlete , the president called the secretary ."	The president called the secretary .	entailment
"Whether or not the lawyer mentioned the presidents , the doctor resigned ."	The doctor resigned .	entailment
"While the secretaries mentioned the artists , the lawyer called the students ."	The lawyer called the students .	entailment
"Whether or not the senators arrived , the bankers introduced the professors ."	The bankers introduced the professors .	entailment
"Because the scientists thanked the athletes , the judge admired the professor ."	The judge admired the professor .	entailment
"Before the lawyers introduced the banker , the artist contacted the judge ."	The artist contacted the judge .	entailment
"After the professors advised the scientists , the athlete supported the senator ."	The athlete supported the senator .	entailment
"Because the secretary ran , the tourist advised the doctors ."	The tourist advised the doctors .	entailment
"In case the student mentioned the senators , the actors encouraged the tourist ."	The actors encouraged the tourist .	entailment
"Though the judge arrived , the author helped the lawyer ."	The author helped the lawyer .	entailment
"Before the judges encouraged the author , the actors supported the senators ."	The actors supported the senators .	entailment
"Before the artists admired the author , the athletes encouraged the presidents ."	The athletes encouraged the presidents .	entailment
"After the managers stopped the athlete , the professor slept ."	The professor slept .	entailment
"In case the doctors recognized the banker , the author avoided the artist ."	The author avoided the artist .	entailment
"While the author arrived , the artist encouraged the actor ."	The artist encouraged the actor .	entailment
"Although the artist performed , the secretary waited ."	The secretary waited .	entailment
"Since the actor ran , the professor danced ."	The professor danced .	entailment
"Whether or not the athlete helped the doctors , the lawyers avoided the professors ."	The lawyers avoided the professors .	entailment
"Although the professor danced , the tourists encouraged the authors ."	The tourists encouraged the authors .	entailment
"Though the artists mentioned the banker , the presidents avoided the scientist ."	The presidents avoided the scientist .	entailment
"While the author stopped the actors , the scientists arrived ."	The scientists arrived .	entailment
"Though the senators resigned , the banker mentioned the secretaries ."	The banker mentioned the secretaries .	entailment
"Before the tourists recognized the student , the scientist stopped the presidents ."	The scientist stopped the presidents .	entailment
"Since the senator helped the banker , the scientist introduced the secretaries ."	The scientist introduced the secretaries .	entailment
"After the banker mentioned the athlete , the secretary helped the senators ."	The secretary helped the senators .	entailment
"Before the athletes resigned , the judges shouted ."	The judges shouted .	entailment
"Although the student waited , the tourist slept ."	The tourist slept .	entailment
"Though the professors avoided the students , the judge saw the tourist ."	The judge saw the tourist .	entailment
"After the author performed , the doctor thanked the athlete ."	The doctor thanked the athlete .	entailment
"Whether or not the tourist resigned , the athletes ran ."	The athletes ran .	entailment
"Because the actor mentioned the scientists , the lawyer contacted the bankers ."	The lawyer contacted the bankers .	entailment
"Whether or not the doctor waited , the banker thanked the senators ."	The banker thanked the senators .	entailment
"Although the artists slept , the lawyer mentioned the senators ."	The lawyer mentioned the senators .	entailment
"Because the tourists danced , the secretaries performed ."	The secretaries performed .	entailment
"After the secretaries waited , the author arrived ."	The author arrived .	entailment
"While the secretaries performed , the scientists stopped the tourists ."	The scientists stopped the tourists .	entailment
"Because the presidents avoided the tourists , the author danced ."	The author danced .	entailment
"Because the author ran , the tourists arrived ."	The tourists arrived .	entailment
"Since the tourist ran , the managers admired the artists ."	The managers admired the artists .	entailment
"Before the professor danced , the judge shouted ."	The judge shouted .	entailment
"Though the student mentioned the athletes , the tourists supported the scientist ."	The tourists supported the scientist .	entailment
"In case the tourists ran , the secretary danced ."	The secretary danced .	entailment
"Although the author shouted , the managers introduced the students ."	The managers introduced the students .	entailment
"After the banker shouted , the judge waited ."	The judge waited .	entailment
"Though the athlete called the students , the authors recommended the judge ."	The authors recommended the judge .	entailment
"Since the senators arrived , the students contacted the presidents ."	The students contacted the presidents .	entailment
"Before the scientist slept , the president saw the secretaries ."	The president saw the secretaries .	entailment
"While the athlete recommended the artists , the judges stopped the secretaries ."	The judges stopped the secretaries .	entailment
"Because the athletes recognized the judge , the secretary danced ."	The secretary danced .	entailment
"Whether or not the students performed , the secretary mentioned the scientists ."	The secretary mentioned the scientists .	entailment
"Since the students stopped the authors , the professors encouraged the senator ."	The professors encouraged the senator .	entailment
"After the president encouraged the scientist , the judge introduced the tourist ."	The judge introduced the tourist .	entailment
"Because the managers shouted , the actor contacted the doctor ."	The actor contacted the doctor .	entailment
"While the students waited , the lawyer thanked the artists ."	The lawyer thanked the artists .	entailment
"While the students contacted the athlete , the senator ran ."	The senator ran .	entailment
"Although the scientist admired the managers , the lawyer helped the presidents ."	The lawyer helped the presidents .	entailment
"After the doctors performed , the banker recognized the judges ."	The banker recognized the judges .	entailment
"Before the manager saw the presidents , the actors danced ."	The actors danced .	entailment
"In case the bankers mentioned the professors , the actor recognized the secretary ."	The actor recognized the secretary .	entailment
"Since the athlete shouted , the student arrived ."	The student arrived .	entailment
"Since the author performed , the doctor helped the secretaries ."	The doctor helped the secretaries .	entailment
"Before the manager stopped the athletes , the tourist contacted the senators ."	The tourist contacted the senators .	entailment
"While the manager stopped the athletes , the senators danced ."	The senators danced .	entailment
"Whether or not the actors shouted , the author thanked the secretaries ."	The author thanked the secretaries .	entailment
"Since the scientist slept , the actors called the doctor ."	The actors called the doctor .	entailment
"Though the scientists helped the athlete , the tourist waited ."	The tourist waited .	entailment
"While the lawyers believed the secretaries , the doctor waited ."	The doctor waited .	entailment
"In case the tourist avoided the students , the manager contacted the lawyers ."	The manager contacted the lawyers .	entailment
"Because the doctors performed , the student ran ."	The student ran .	entailment
"Whether or not the scientists stopped the artists , the senator saw the judges ."	The senator saw the judges .	entailment
"Whether or not the artists believed the tourist , the student waited ."	The student waited .	entailment
"Before the artist arrived , the scientists recommended the tourists ."	The scientists recommended the tourists .	entailment
"While the judge believed the senators , the doctor recognized the scientists ."	The doctor recognized the scientists .	entailment
"Since the actors shouted , the athlete saw the lawyer ."	The athlete saw the lawyer .	entailment
"Since the managers admired the doctors , the scientist mentioned the actor ."	The scientist mentioned the actor .	entailment
"While the lawyer arrived , the judges mentioned the senator ."	The judges mentioned the senator .	entailment
"Although the tourists performed , the president recognized the judge ."	The president recognized the judge .	entailment
"While the actors called the tourist , the professors arrived ."	The professors arrived .	entailment
"Before the managers arrived , the scientist introduced the artists ."	The scientist introduced the artists .	entailment
"Because the judges resigned , the secretaries helped the president ."	The secretaries helped the president .	entailment
"In case the bankers stopped the presidents , the actors performed ."	The actors performed .	entailment
"Before the athlete contacted the presidents , the professors performed ."	The professors performed .	entailment
"Before the artist thanked the professors , the actor slept ."	The actor slept .	entailment
"After the banker supported the secretaries , the scientists performed ."	The scientists performed .	entailment
"Because the scientists shouted , the secretaries ran ."	The secretaries ran .	entailment
"In case the tourist admired the professors , the actor shouted ."	The actor shouted .	entailment
"While the author performed , the senators called the artists ."	The senators called the artists .	entailment
"Because the managers mentioned the lawyers , the actors admired the professor ."	The actors admired the professor .	entailment
"Because the students introduced the scientists , the actor encouraged the banker ."	The actor encouraged the banker .	entailment
"Because the scientist encouraged the author , the tourists danced ."	The tourists danced .	entailment
"Although the scientist admired the author , the athletes encouraged the presidents ."	The athletes encouraged the presidents .	entailment
"Though the banker encouraged the managers , the senators admired the presidents ."	The senators admired the presidents .	entailment
"After the tourist waited , the banker saw the author ."	The banker saw the author .	entailment
"Although the lawyers saw the actors , the student resigned ."	The student resigned .	entailment
"Although the scientist stopped the doctors , the actors performed ."	The actors performed .	entailment
"While the judges recognized the scientists , the doctors avoided the athlete ."	The doctors avoided the athlete .	entailment
"Although the students advised the scientist , the professor shouted ."	The professor shouted .	entailment
"In case the judges supported the actor , the athlete arrived ."	The athlete arrived .	entailment
"After the doctors recognized the athletes , the artists shouted ."	The artists shouted .	entailment
"Since the actor mentioned the president , the athletes believed the students ."	The athletes believed the students .	entailment
"Though the lawyers supported the tourist , the professor mentioned the manager ."	The professor mentioned the manager .	entailment
"Since the artists admired the student , the secretary thanked the tourists ."	The secretary thanked the tourists .	entailment
"In case the professor called the senators , the artists recommended the bankers ."	The artists recommended the bankers .	entailment
"Whether or not the manager arrived , the bankers called the authors ."	The bankers called the authors .	entailment
"Since the secretary mentioned the lawyer , the presidents thanked the authors ."	The presidents thanked the authors .	entailment
"After the artist waited , the secretaries encouraged the banker ."	The secretaries encouraged the banker .	entailment
"While the lawyers arrived , the senators resigned ."	The senators resigned .	entailment
"Whether or not the presidents ran , the managers thanked the secretary ."	The managers thanked the secretary .	entailment
"After the professor arrived , the lawyers advised the tourists ."	The lawyers advised the tourists .	entailment
"Since the authors ran , the president encouraged the secretaries ."	The president encouraged the secretaries .	entailment
"In case the athletes helped the author , the scientists admired the banker ."	The scientists admired the banker .	entailment
"While the tourists called the secretary , the professors admired the lawyers ."	The professors admired the lawyers .	entailment
"Since the president stopped the managers , the bankers introduced the doctors ."	The bankers introduced the doctors .	entailment
"After the tourists supported the professors , the presidents stopped the judge ."	The presidents stopped the judge .	entailment
"Though the bankers saw the author , the actors contacted the students ."	The actors contacted the students .	entailment
"In case the senators resigned , the doctor supported the tourists ."	The doctor supported the tourists .	entailment
"Whether or not the student admired the doctor , the scientists supported the athlete ."	The scientists supported the athlete .	entailment
"After the artists advised the athlete , the student shouted ."	The student shouted .	entailment
"In case the senators admired the professors , the artists recommended the scientist ."	The artists recommended the scientist .	entailment
"Whether or not the manager thanked the author , the senators saw the scientist ."	The senators saw the scientist .	entailment
"After the scientists resigned , the professors waited ."	The professors waited .	entailment
"Since the artists recommended the banker , the judges arrived ."	The judges arrived .	entailment
"Although the secretaries supported the tourists , the actors arrived ."	The actors arrived .	entailment
"Before the doctors saw the secretary , the banker ran ."	The banker ran .	entailment
"Since the banker believed the judges , the manager resigned ."	The manager resigned .	entailment
"Before the lawyer called the athletes , the artists danced ."	The artists danced .	entailment
"Whether or not the banker shouted , the students slept ."	The students slept .	entailment
"Whether or not the secretary waited , the artists contacted the tourists ."	The artists contacted the tourists .	entailment
"While the lawyers resigned , the presidents believed the athlete ."	The presidents believed the athlete .	entailment
"While the manager ran , the senators arrived ."	The senators arrived .	entailment
"Although the authors contacted the artists , the athletes believed the student ."	The athletes believed the student .	entailment
"Whether or not the athletes called the secretaries , the manager avoided the student ."	The manager avoided the student .	entailment
"While the secretary arrived , the artists thanked the senator ."	The artists thanked the senator .	entailment
"After the athlete performed , the judges waited ."	The judges waited .	entailment
"Though the artists supported the professors , the tourists shouted ."	The tourists shouted .	entailment
"In case the actor called the scientists , the students stopped the doctors ."	The students stopped the doctors .	entailment
"In case the author shouted , the student avoided the artist ."	The student avoided the artist .	entailment
"After the doctor slept , the tourist danced ."	The tourist danced .	entailment
"Though the judge slept , the tourist waited ."	The tourist waited .	entailment
"In case the judges slept , the scientists danced ."	The scientists danced .	entailment
"Though the actor contacted the athletes , the judge ran ."	The judge ran .	entailment
"Whether or not the author shouted , the doctor resigned ."	The doctor resigned .	entailment
"Since the tourists believed the actors , the scientist stopped the student ."	The scientist stopped the student .	entailment
"In case the managers avoided the secretary , the author introduced the professors ."	The author introduced the professors .	entailment
"Although the tourist recognized the judges , the senator stopped the president ."	The senator stopped the president .	entailment
"Since the bankers shouted , the artist slept ."	The artist slept .	entailment
"Since the secretaries shouted , the scientist arrived ."	The scientist arrived .	entailment
"In case the athlete saw the students , the presidents arrived ."	The presidents arrived .	entailment
"Though the athlete introduced the presidents , the actor mentioned the judges ."	The actor mentioned the judges .	entailment
"In case the banker waited , the scientists called the students ."	The scientists called the students .	entailment
"Because the secretaries waited , the actors arrived ."	The actors arrived .	entailment
"Though the senator mentioned the lawyer , the students encouraged the author ."	The students encouraged the author .	entailment
"Because the secretary avoided the professors , the doctors recommended the senator ."	The doctors recommended the senator .	entailment
"Because the presidents arrived , the author admired the doctors ."	The author admired the doctors .	entailment
"After the doctor arrived , the professors recommended the presidents ."	The professors recommended the presidents .	entailment
"After the senator called the secretaries , the bankers encouraged the author ."	The bankers encouraged the author .	entailment
"Though the presidents introduced the judges , the author recommended the professor ."	The author recommended the professor .	entailment
"Whether or not the secretary contacted the actors , the manager recognized the senators ."	The manager recognized the senators .	entailment
"In case the senators believed the lawyer , the managers saw the authors ."	The managers saw the authors .	entailment
"Though the doctor performed , the tourist saw the professor ."	The tourist saw the professor .	entailment
"In case the doctor mentioned the author , the banker resigned ."	The banker resigned .	entailment
"In case the senator believed the doctors , the secretary resigned ."	The secretary resigned .	entailment
"Though the manager resigned , the author slept ."	The author slept .	entailment
"After the senators admired the tourists , the lawyer supported the doctor ."	The lawyer supported the doctor .	entailment
"After the manager avoided the scientist , the secretaries resigned ."	The secretaries resigned .	entailment
"In case the athlete encouraged the tourists , the professors believed the doctors ."	The professors believed the doctors .	entailment
"While the student ran , the senators waited ."	The senators waited .	entailment
"In case the professors waited , the tourist resigned ."	The tourist resigned .	entailment
"In case the secretary thanked the professor , the lawyers called the doctors ."	The lawyers called the doctors .	entailment
"Though the judge arrived , the managers slept ."	The managers slept .	entailment
"In case the doctor stopped the athlete , the manager avoided the scientist ."	The manager avoided the scientist .	entailment
"While the tourists stopped the bankers , the artist encouraged the president ."	The artist encouraged the president .	entailment
"Before the president helped the tourist , the actors slept ."	The actors slept .	entailment
"Because the students performed , the athlete shouted ."	The athlete shouted .	entailment
"Whether or not the president believed the judge , the secretary arrived ."	The secretary arrived .	entailment
"Whether or not the judge recognized the president , the managers slept ."	The managers slept .	entailment
"Since the doctors called the athlete , the actors ran ."	The actors ran .	entailment
"Before the managers believed the doctor , the lawyer encouraged the students ."	The lawyer encouraged the students .	entailment
"Although the professor shouted , the doctors saw the scientist ."	The doctors saw the scientist .	entailment
"Before the presidents mentioned the athletes , the tourist called the secretaries ."	The tourist called the secretaries .	entailment
"Whether or not the athletes mentioned the secretaries , the president contacted the managers ."	The president contacted the managers .	entailment
"In case the lawyer thanked the scientist , the managers avoided the student ."	The managers avoided the student .	entailment
"While the judge helped the manager , the tourists advised the professor ."	The tourists advised the professor .	entailment
"Although the president arrived , the senator mentioned the author ."	The senator mentioned the author .	entailment
"Because the secretaries contacted the banker , the students shouted ."	The students shouted .	entailment
"Before the artist supported the scientist , the president contacted the secretary ."	The president contacted the secretary .	entailment
"Though the doctor ran , the athletes called the artist ."	The athletes called the artist .	entailment
"Before the banker avoided the tourists , the lawyer resigned ."	The lawyer resigned .	entailment
"While the authors stopped the bankers , the student performed ."	The student performed .	entailment
"In case the authors supported the lawyer , the manager slept ."	The manager slept .	entailment
"Before the tourist stopped the athlete , the bankers supported the lawyers ."	The bankers supported the lawyers .	entailment
"Because the author arrived , the lawyer saw the scientists ."	The lawyer saw the scientists .	entailment
"Before the artists arrived , the judge mentioned the president ."	The judge mentioned the president .	entailment
"Whether or not the tourist encouraged the judge , the senators supported the actors ."	The senators supported the actors .	entailment
"Though the lawyers admired the professors , the actors avoided the bankers ."	The actors avoided the bankers .	entailment
"While the scientist ran , the author waited ."	The author waited .	entailment
"Whether or not the author admired the lawyers , the scientists arrived ."	The scientists arrived .	entailment
"Before the doctors danced , the author shouted ."	The author shouted .	entailment
"Whether or not the manager shouted , the tourist recognized the banker ."	The tourist recognized the banker .	entailment
"After the student introduced the author , the tourists advised the actor ."	The tourists advised the actor .	entailment
"Because the author saw the professors , the student believed the secretary ."	The student believed the secretary .	entailment
"In case the doctor helped the actor , the professor slept ."	The professor slept .	entailment
"Because the secretaries thanked the artists , the doctors slept ."	The doctors slept .	entailment
"Because the doctors waited , the athletes helped the secretary ."	The athletes helped the secretary .	entailment
"Though the authors slept , the senator danced ."	The senator danced .	entailment
"Although the secretary performed , the scientist slept ."	The scientist slept .	entailment
"While the judge thanked the scientist , the banker waited ."	The banker waited .	entailment
"After the judge stopped the senator , the manager helped the students ."	The manager helped the students .	entailment
"Though the doctor supported the secretaries , the lawyer thanked the tourist ."	The lawyer thanked the tourist .	entailment
"Before the senator advised the artists , the president slept ."	The president slept .	entailment
"Whether or not the banker thanked the actor , the lawyer waited ."	The lawyer waited .	entailment
"After the professor helped the artists , the doctor admired the judge ."	The doctor admired the judge .	entailment
"After the judges called the tourists , the bankers slept ."	The bankers slept .	entailment
"Although the lawyer supported the professors , the presidents shouted ."	The presidents shouted .	entailment
"After the secretaries helped the artist , the doctor thanked the bankers ."	The doctor thanked the bankers .	entailment
"Although the managers resigned , the actor contacted the secretary ."	The actor contacted the secretary .	entailment
"Although the professors resigned , the lawyers avoided the senators ."	The lawyers avoided the senators .	entailment
"Before the author avoided the actor , the senators waited ."	The senators waited .	entailment
"After the student slept , the secretaries arrived ."	The secretaries arrived .	entailment
"Although the secretary supported the managers , the doctor slept ."	The doctor slept .	entailment
"Although the secretaries helped the scientists , the actor avoided the doctors ."	The actor avoided the doctors .	entailment
"Since the judge thanked the artist , the doctor danced ."	The doctor danced .	entailment
"Because the athletes advised the bankers , the secretary thanked the lawyer ."	The secretary thanked the lawyer .	entailment
"While the secretary waited , the lawyer saw the student ."	The lawyer saw the student .	entailment
"Before the student slept , the managers performed ."	The managers performed .	entailment
"While the professors danced , the secretaries advised the banker ."	The secretaries advised the banker .	entailment
"Though the doctor waited , the president ran ."	The president ran .	entailment
"After the actor admired the athletes , the artist resigned ."	The artist resigned .	entailment
"While the doctor saw the president , the actors called the bankers ."	The actors called the bankers .	entailment
"Whether or not the actor slept , the students contacted the secretaries ."	The students contacted the secretaries .	entailment
"Though the managers supported the student , the doctor advised the senators ."	The doctor advised the senators .	entailment
"After the authors ran , the lawyers admired the students ."	The lawyers admired the students .	entailment
"Because the lawyers introduced the scientist , the secretary danced ."	The secretary danced .	entailment
"In case the professor introduced the authors , the doctors admired the athlete ."	The doctors admired the athlete .	entailment
"In case the secretaries introduced the student , the professor advised the athletes ."	The professor advised the athletes .	entailment
"Though the manager helped the senators , the banker supported the tourists ."	The banker supported the tourists .	entailment
"After the artist waited , the athletes performed ."	The athletes performed .	entailment
"Because the scientists performed , the presidents waited ."	The presidents waited .	entailment
"Since the scientist introduced the professors , the manager ran ."	The manager ran .	entailment
"Because the doctors arrived , the bankers resigned ."	The bankers resigned .	entailment
"Though the actor shouted , the artist recognized the doctors ."	The artist recognized the doctors .	entailment
"After the scientists helped the students , the actors thanked the judges ."	The actors thanked the judges .	entailment
"After the artist mentioned the scientist , the authors introduced the professor ."	The authors introduced the professor .	entailment
"Since the secretaries performed , the author avoided the lawyer ."	The author avoided the lawyer .	entailment
"While the actor admired the authors , the secretaries encouraged the tourists ."	The secretaries encouraged the tourists .	entailment
"While the athlete danced , the artists believed the professor ."	The artists believed the professor .	entailment
"Though the doctor contacted the student , the banker avoided the judges ."	The banker avoided the judges .	entailment
"Since the scientist advised the student , the secretary avoided the actor ."	The secretary avoided the actor .	entailment
"While the scientist mentioned the student , the president saw the manager ."	The president saw the manager .	entailment
"Though the professors introduced the presidents , the judge danced ."	The judge danced .	entailment
"Although the student thanked the athletes , the actor resigned ."	The actor resigned .	entailment
"In case the senator recommended the artist , the secretary recognized the banker ."	The secretary recognized the banker .	entailment
"Although the doctor introduced the actors , the manager saw the students ."	The manager saw the students .	entailment
"Since the managers waited , the banker encouraged the doctors ."	The banker encouraged the doctors .	entailment
"Though the students called the tourist , the actor slept ."	The actor slept .	entailment
"While the scientist shouted , the bankers recognized the doctors ."	The bankers recognized the doctors .	entailment
"Although the author danced , the secretary introduced the athletes ."	The secretary introduced the athletes .	entailment
"Because the presidents waited , the tourist introduced the secretaries ."	The tourist introduced the secretaries .	entailment
"Whether or not the student encouraged the senator , the manager contacted the professors ."	The manager contacted the professors .	entailment
"While the athletes arrived , the artist helped the students ."	The artist helped the students .	entailment
"In case the secretaries saw the senators , the artists introduced the manager ."	The artists introduced the manager .	entailment
"In case the secretaries believed the judge , the student danced ."	The student danced .	entailment
"Whether or not the bankers supported the doctor , the professors performed ."	The professors performed .	entailment
"While the artists advised the presidents , the senator called the secretary ."	The senator called the secretary .	entailment
"Because the senators shouted , the tourist advised the professors ."	The tourist advised the professors .	entailment
"In case the student contacted the lawyer , the president saw the tourist ."	The president saw the tourist .	entailment
"While the senator recommended the scientists , the artist danced ."	The artist danced .	entailment
"Before the professor helped the lawyer , the bankers called the doctor ."	The bankers called the doctor .	entailment
"Whether or not the lawyers waited , the professors believed the scientists ."	The professors believed the scientists .	entailment
"Because the presidents advised the lawyers , the athletes called the artist ."	The athletes called the artist .	entailment
"While the artists admired the athlete , the authors waited ."	The authors waited .	entailment
"Though the secretary admired the bankers , the judge danced ."	The judge danced .	entailment
"In case the professor advised the judge , the presidents avoided the manager ."	The presidents avoided the manager .	entailment
"While the judge saw the tourists , the authors performed ."	The authors performed .	entailment
"Because the actor ran , the senators shouted ."	The senators shouted .	entailment
"Although the actors introduced the lawyers , the managers resigned ."	The managers resigned .	entailment
"Whether or not the athletes saw the senators , the judges contacted the students ."	The judges contacted the students .	entailment
"After the presidents ran , the artist waited ."	The artist waited .	entailment
"Although the secretary encouraged the judge , the professors supported the doctors ."	The professors supported the doctors .	entailment
"Because the senators contacted the student , the judge shouted ."	The judge shouted .	entailment
"Although the athletes ran , the scientist resigned ."	The scientist resigned .	entailment
"In case the manager admired the author , the senator recognized the secretary ."	The senator recognized the secretary .	entailment
"While the judges supported the secretaries , the artists saw the scientists ."	The artists saw the scientists .	entailment
"Since the presidents resigned , the lawyer avoided the senator ."	The lawyer avoided the senator .	entailment
"Before the senator recognized the professor , the doctors avoided the lawyer ."	The doctors avoided the lawyer .	entailment
"Though the senators slept , the professor shouted ."	The professor shouted .	entailment
"Before the artist contacted the scientists , the president arrived ."	The president arrived .	entailment
"Before the doctor helped the managers , the lawyers admired the actor ."	The lawyers admired the actor .	entailment
"Because the bankers saw the managers , the authors encouraged the tourist ."	The authors encouraged the tourist .	entailment
"In case the lawyers waited , the president supported the judges ."	The president supported the judges .	entailment
"After the tourists avoided the president , the athlete performed ."	The athlete performed .	entailment
"After the students danced , the artist supported the managers ."	The artist supported the managers .	entailment
"In case the authors recommended the banker , the judge performed ."	The judge performed .	entailment
"While the senators introduced the manager , the judge avoided the scientists ."	The judge avoided the scientists .	entailment
"In case the senator shouted , the professor resigned ."	The professor resigned .	entailment
"In case the secretaries danced , the senators recommended the lawyers ."	The senators recommended the lawyers .	entailment
"In case the artist avoided the author , the tourists arrived ."	The tourists arrived .	entailment
"Because the secretary waited , the actors avoided the judge ."	The actors avoided the judge .	entailment
"In case the actors shouted , the banker recommended the athlete ."	The banker recommended the athlete .	entailment
"While the scientist slept , the student waited ."	The student waited .	entailment
"Because the managers resigned , the lawyers recommended the professor ."	The lawyers recommended the professor .	entailment
"After the professor advised the lawyers , the president arrived ."	The president arrived .	entailment
"While the secretaries recommended the scientist , the lawyers believed the students ."	The lawyers believed the students .	entailment
"While the doctor called the presidents , the judge slept ."	The judge slept .	entailment
"In case the doctor ran , the lawyers shouted ."	The lawyers shouted .	entailment
"Whether or not the authors slept , the presidents shouted ."	The presidents shouted .	entailment
"Before the artists waited , the students mentioned the author ."	The students mentioned the author .	entailment
"After the presidents shouted , the scientist waited ."	The scientist waited .	entailment
"While the doctor slept , the authors admired the manager ."	The authors admired the manager .	entailment
"While the artists arrived , the presidents advised the doctor ."	The presidents advised the doctor .	entailment
"Whether or not the presidents resigned , the artists encouraged the authors ."	The artists encouraged the authors .	entailment
"While the actor danced , the senators avoided the authors ."	The senators avoided the authors .	entailment
"Although the lawyers shouted , the presidents thanked the judges ."	The presidents thanked the judges .	entailment
"Since the athletes resigned , the doctors believed the judge ."	The doctors believed the judge .	entailment
"While the athlete slept , the actors advised the scientist ."	The actors advised the scientist .	entailment
"Before the students introduced the professor , the authors waited ."	The authors waited .	entailment
"Before the students introduced the presidents , the athlete performed ."	The athlete performed .	entailment
"Though the artists resigned , the lawyer performed ."	The lawyer performed .	entailment
"Though the tourist waited , the artist encouraged the professors ."	The artist encouraged the professors .	entailment
"In case the senator believed the scientist , the lawyers supported the students ."	The lawyers supported the students .	entailment
"Although the doctors believed the president , the senator called the secretary ."	The senator called the secretary .	entailment
"Before the tourist recommended the scientist , the managers resigned ."	The managers resigned .	entailment
"Because the senator introduced the judge , the actors contacted the president ."	The actors contacted the president .	entailment
"Although the senator introduced the doctors , the judge resigned ."	The judge resigned .	entailment
"Before the actors stopped the secretaries , the judge slept ."	The judge slept .	entailment
"Since the actors recognized the judges , the senator slept ."	The senator slept .	entailment
"Whether or not the manager waited , the actors contacted the author ."	The actors contacted the author .	entailment
"Whether or not the managers waited , the professor saw the lawyer ."	The professor saw the lawyer .	entailment
"In case the professor called the managers , the artists thanked the student ."	The artists thanked the student .	entailment
"After the senator slept , the authors mentioned the athletes ."	The authors mentioned the athletes .	entailment
"Because the judges shouted , the students saw the doctors ."	The students saw the doctors .	entailment
"Because the senators thanked the actor , the doctors advised the artist ."	The doctors advised the artist .	entailment
"In case the artists supported the lawyers , the athlete contacted the professor ."	The athlete contacted the professor .	entailment
"After the student supported the bankers , the senator recommended the scientists ."	The senator recommended the scientists .	entailment
"Though the managers shouted , the author saw the lawyers ."	The author saw the lawyers .	entailment
"In case the lawyers mentioned the banker , the athletes arrived ."	The athletes arrived .	entailment
"Before the lawyers admired the judge , the authors shouted ."	The authors shouted .	entailment
The managers knew that the students slept .	The students slept .	entailment
The professors knew that the students ran .	The students ran .	entailment
The tourists knew that the doctor admired the actors .	The doctor admired the actors .	entailment
The doctors forgot that the professor performed .	The professor performed .	entailment
The scientist knew that the athletes avoided the professors .	The athletes avoided the professors .	entailment
The doctors learned that the tourist helped the manager .	The tourist helped the manager .	entailment
The president forgot that the judge stopped the actors .	The judge stopped the actors .	entailment
The actor remembered that the president supported the artist .	The president supported the artist .	entailment
The senator learned that the presidents performed .	The presidents performed .	entailment
The tourist remembered that the bankers supported the scientists .	The bankers supported the scientists .	entailment
The president remembered that the actors performed .	The actors performed .	entailment
The author learned that the secretary slept .	The secretary slept .	entailment
The scientist forgot that the judge waited .	The judge waited .	entailment
The secretaries learned that the artists saw the judges .	The artists saw the judges .	entailment
The athletes knew that the senator advised the scientist .	The senator advised the scientist .	entailment
The bankers remembered that the manager performed .	The manager performed .	entailment
The manager forgot that the judge recognized the doctor .	The judge recognized the doctor .	entailment
The professors knew that the tourists advised the author .	The tourists advised the author .	entailment
The athletes remembered that the author danced .	The author danced .	entailment
The banker remembered that the actor encouraged the secretary .	The actor encouraged the secretary .	entailment
The presidents forgot that the senator mentioned the artist .	The senator mentioned the artist .	entailment
The judges learned that the lawyer arrived .	The lawyer arrived .	entailment
The doctor remembered that the judges slept .	The judges slept .	entailment
The secretaries forgot that the senator recommended the actors .	The senator recommended the actors .	entailment
The author knew that the scientist thanked the managers .	The scientist thanked the managers .	entailment
The professor knew that the judges danced .	The judges danced .	entailment
The doctors learned that the students advised the actor .	The students advised the actor .	entailment
The actors learned that the judges shouted .	The judges shouted .	entailment
The actor learned that the doctors performed .	The doctors performed .	entailment
The senator forgot that the scientist believed the athlete .	The scientist believed the athlete .	entailment
The lawyers learned that the scientists recommended the secretary .	The scientists recommended the secretary .	entailment
The judge learned that the secretaries waited .	The secretaries waited .	entailment
The lawyers knew that the president introduced the professors .	The president introduced the professors .	entailment
The students remembered that the author supported the actors .	The author supported the actors .	entailment
The artists forgot that the senators shouted .	The senators shouted .	entailment
The athletes forgot that the actors mentioned the doctor .	The actors mentioned the doctor .	entailment
The artist remembered that the judge believed the secretary .	The judge believed the secretary .	entailment
The manager knew that the actors encouraged the student .	The actors encouraged the student .	entailment
The scientists learned that the judge advised the athletes .	The judge advised the athletes .	entailment
The bankers remembered that the professors arrived .	The professors arrived .	entailment
The actor knew that the tourist resigned .	The tourist resigned .	entailment
The secretaries remembered that the manager arrived .	The manager arrived .	entailment
The judge remembered that the bankers stopped the professor .	The bankers stopped the professor .	entailment
The manager forgot that the banker contacted the senator .	The banker contacted the senator .	entailment
The students learned that the presidents introduced the bankers .	The presidents introduced the bankers .	entailment
The senators remembered that the secretaries encouraged the banker .	The secretaries encouraged the banker .	entailment
The doctor knew that the managers believed the artist .	The managers believed the artist .	entailment
The bankers learned that the author supported the scientist .	The author supported the scientist .	entailment
The artists learned that the secretaries thanked the senators .	The secretaries thanked the senators .	entailment
The actor learned that the managers ran .	The managers ran .	entailment
The judges remembered that the banker stopped the secretaries .	The banker stopped the secretaries .	entailment
The artists remembered that the lawyer believed the managers .	The lawyer believed the managers .	entailment
The professor remembered that the manager mentioned the senators .	The manager mentioned the senators .	entailment
The actor forgot that the professor arrived .	The professor arrived .	entailment
The senators forgot that the managers supported the professors .	The managers supported the professors .	entailment
The doctors learned that the author contacted the judge .	The author contacted the judge .	entailment
The judges forgot that the athletes introduced the manager .	The athletes introduced the manager .	entailment
The athlete forgot that the professors stopped the author .	The professors stopped the author .	entailment
The secretaries remembered that the senators contacted the lawyer .	The senators contacted the lawyer .	entailment
The professors remembered that the senators slept .	The senators slept .	entailment
The scientist remembered that the managers avoided the professors .	The managers avoided the professors .	entailment
The student learned that the professor shouted .	The professor shouted .	entailment
The secretary remembered that the judge performed .	The judge performed .	entailment
The artist knew that the secretaries stopped the managers .	The secretaries stopped the managers .	entailment
The secretary knew that the senators resigned .	The senators resigned .	entailment
The doctor remembered that the bankers waited .	The bankers waited .	entailment
The actor forgot that the professors ran .	The professors ran .	entailment
The judge knew that the banker resigned .	The banker resigned .	entailment
The athletes forgot that the tourist contacted the actor .	The tourist contacted the actor .	entailment
The athletes remembered that the doctor recognized the actor .	The doctor recognized the actor .	entailment
The secretary remembered that the author slept .	The author slept .	entailment
The scientist learned that the banker introduced the president .	The banker introduced the president .	entailment
The doctor forgot that the lawyer stopped the tourist .	The lawyer stopped the tourist .	entailment
The tourist forgot that the students avoided the senator .	The students avoided the senator .	entailment
The scientist remembered that the student advised the authors .	The student advised the authors .	entailment
The senators learned that the artist mentioned the lawyers .	The artist mentioned the lawyers .	entailment
The bankers forgot that the judge waited .	The judge waited .	entailment
The senator knew that the doctors stopped the judge .	The doctors stopped the judge .	entailment
The doctor forgot that the tourists called the lawyers .	The tourists called the lawyers .	entailment
The author knew that the lawyer danced .	The lawyer danced .	entailment
The secretaries knew that the tourists ran .	The tourists ran .	entailment
The secretary knew that the doctors thanked the artist .	The doctors thanked the artist .	entailment
The actors knew that the students shouted .	The students shouted .	entailment
The professors learned that the lawyer ran .	The lawyer ran .	entailment
The managers remembered that the judges danced .	The judges danced .	entailment
The tourist remembered that the athlete saw the judges .	The athlete saw the judges .	entailment
The manager forgot that the actor shouted .	The actor shouted .	entailment
The senators learned that the manager saw the author .	The manager saw the author .	entailment
The authors remembered that the tourist helped the professors .	The tourist helped the professors .	entailment
The managers learned that the authors believed the professor .	The authors believed the professor .	entailment
The secretary learned that the author resigned .	The author resigned .	entailment
The athlete knew that the students thanked the manager .	The students thanked the manager .	entailment
The author forgot that the professors helped the athletes .	The professors helped the athletes .	entailment
The tourists forgot that the banker helped the lawyers .	The banker helped the lawyers .	entailment
The author remembered that the professor helped the student .	The professor helped the student .	entailment
The managers remembered that the senator ran .	The senator ran .	entailment
The authors knew that the judge recognized the students .	The judge recognized the students .	entailment
The presidents knew that the manager admired the student .	The manager admired the student .	entailment
The athlete forgot that the lawyer supported the president .	The lawyer supported the president .	entailment
The actor knew that the senators saw the secretary .	The senators saw the secretary .	entailment
The author knew that the actors resigned .	The actors resigned .	entailment
The author forgot that the professor called the artists .	The professor called the artists .	entailment
The lawyers knew that the scientists shouted .	The scientists shouted .	entailment
The judge remembered that the presidents mentioned the tourists .	The presidents mentioned the tourists .	entailment
The lawyer learned that the professors encouraged the student .	The professors encouraged the student .	entailment
The tourist learned that the professors called the senator .	The professors called the senator .	entailment
The artists knew that the banker performed .	The banker performed .	entailment
The professor knew that the students admired the manager .	The students admired the manager .	entailment
The professor knew that the bankers supported the doctor .	The bankers supported the doctor .	entailment
The secretaries remembered that the presidents saw the artists .	The presidents saw the artists .	entailment
The professors learned that the artists recommended the student .	The artists recommended the student .	entailment
The senator remembered that the bankers believed the athletes .	The bankers believed the athletes .	entailment
The scientists remembered that the judges introduced the actor .	The judges introduced the actor .	entailment
The secretaries learned that the lawyer performed .	The lawyer performed .	entailment
The authors remembered that the scientists advised the tourist .	The scientists advised the tourist .	entailment
The banker forgot that the senators arrived .	The senators arrived .	entailment
The scientist learned that the actors helped the managers .	The actors helped the managers .	entailment
The presidents remembered that the students danced .	The students danced .	entailment
The artists remembered that the president helped the managers .	The president helped the managers .	entailment
The doctor forgot that the actor advised the lawyers .	The actor advised the lawyers .	entailment
The athlete forgot that the senators thanked the actor .	The senators thanked the actor .	entailment
The tourists remembered that the lawyer shouted .	The lawyer shouted .	entailment
The president forgot that the secretaries stopped the professor .	The secretaries stopped the professor .	entailment
The judge learned that the athletes mentioned the students .	The athletes mentioned the students .	entailment
The bankers knew that the president called the tourists .	The president called the tourists .	entailment
The lawyer remembered that the athlete helped the students .	The athlete helped the students .	entailment
The actor forgot that the tourist advised the artists .	The tourist advised the artists .	entailment
The banker remembered that the senators encouraged the lawyer .	The senators encouraged the lawyer .	entailment
The scientists forgot that the secretary resigned .	The secretary resigned .	entailment
The athletes knew that the judges slept .	The judges slept .	entailment
The senators forgot that the artist avoided the secretary .	The artist avoided the secretary .	entailment
The president learned that the banker waited .	The banker waited .	entailment
The judges knew that the bankers believed the president .	The bankers believed the president .	entailment
The lawyer forgot that the actor mentioned the senator .	The actor mentioned the senator .	entailment
The tourists knew that the presidents encouraged the actors .	The presidents encouraged the actors .	entailment
The tourists learned that the doctor mentioned the author .	The doctor mentioned the author .	entailment
The athlete remembered that the lawyer contacted the professors .	The lawyer contacted the professors .	entailment
The secretary forgot that the lawyer thanked the manager .	The lawyer thanked the manager .	entailment
The artists learned that the students resigned .	The students resigned .	entailment
The manager knew that the judges waited .	The judges waited .	entailment
The manager forgot that the bankers arrived .	The bankers arrived .	entailment
The manager forgot that the scientists believed the secretary .	The scientists believed the secretary .	entailment
The doctor knew that the students mentioned the actors .	The students mentioned the actors .	entailment
The athlete remembered that the banker contacted the judges .	The banker contacted the judges .	entailment
The doctors remembered that the actors arrived .	The actors arrived .	entailment
The judge forgot that the authors saw the students .	The authors saw the students .	entailment
The athletes remembered that the student avoided the judges .	The student avoided the judges .	entailment
The senator knew that the lawyer slept .	The lawyer slept .	entailment
The judges knew that the tourist recommended the doctor .	The tourist recommended the doctor .	entailment
The authors forgot that the presidents called the professors .	The presidents called the professors .	entailment
The lawyer remembered that the professors resigned .	The professors resigned .	entailment
The scientist remembered that the presidents contacted the tourist .	The presidents contacted the tourist .	entailment
The senators forgot that the artist stopped the tourists .	The artist stopped the tourists .	entailment
The scientist knew that the president helped the senator .	The president helped the senator .	entailment
The judge knew that the student advised the professors .	The student advised the professors .	entailment
The lawyer knew that the secretaries stopped the student .	The secretaries stopped the student .	entailment
The judges remembered that the managers recommended the actor .	The managers recommended the actor .	entailment
The presidents learned that the artist ran .	The artist ran .	entailment
The senators knew that the athletes admired the doctor .	The athletes admired the doctor .	entailment
The scientist remembered that the author resigned .	The author resigned .	entailment
The student learned that the doctors recognized the professor .	The doctors recognized the professor .	entailment
The manager remembered that the tourist admired the lawyers .	The tourist admired the lawyers .	entailment
The students remembered that the judges waited .	The judges waited .	entailment
The actor remembered that the presidents arrived .	The presidents arrived .	entailment
The president remembered that the lawyers slept .	The lawyers slept .	entailment
The student knew that the senator helped the bankers .	The senator helped the bankers .	entailment
The scientist remembered that the president danced .	The president danced .	entailment
The lawyer knew that the artists recommended the athlete .	The artists recommended the athlete .	entailment
The students forgot that the athletes shouted .	The athletes shouted .	entailment
The doctors remembered that the artists danced .	The artists danced .	entailment
The professors remembered that the student stopped the athletes .	The student stopped the athletes .	entailment
The scientists learned that the doctors encouraged the judge .	The doctors encouraged the judge .	entailment
The tourist learned that the artist avoided the students .	The artist avoided the students .	entailment
The athletes learned that the actor shouted .	The actor shouted .	entailment
The senator learned that the scientist saw the author .	The scientist saw the author .	entailment
The doctor knew that the secretary shouted .	The secretary shouted .	entailment
The secretary knew that the judges introduced the doctors .	The judges introduced the doctors .	entailment
The president forgot that the artists mentioned the secretaries .	The artists mentioned the secretaries .	entailment
The scientists knew that the tourist saw the artist .	The tourist saw the artist .	entailment
The students learned that the managers ran .	The managers ran .	entailment
The senator remembered that the president avoided the author .	The president avoided the author .	entailment
The professors forgot that the athletes introduced the managers .	The athletes introduced the managers .	entailment
The professors knew that the scientists resigned .	The scientists resigned .	entailment
The managers learned that the lawyers resigned .	The lawyers resigned .	entailment
The artist knew that the president performed .	The president performed .	entailment
The president learned that the students ran .	The students ran .	entailment
The judges remembered that the artist called the athlete .	The artist called the athlete .	entailment
The judge forgot that the lawyers mentioned the professor .	The lawyers mentioned the professor .	entailment
The senators forgot that the managers believed the tourist .	The managers believed the tourist .	entailment
The actors remembered that the artist recommended the athlete .	The artist recommended the athlete .	entailment
The senators remembered that the president recommended the professors .	The president recommended the professors .	entailment
The authors knew that the artists slept .	The artists slept .	entailment
The professors forgot that the lawyers performed .	The lawyers performed .	entailment
The bankers remembered that the doctors arrived .	The doctors arrived .	entailment
The doctor learned that the authors resigned .	The authors resigned .	entailment
The artists forgot that the professor avoided the students .	The professor avoided the students .	entailment
The presidents forgot that the secretaries danced .	The secretaries danced .	entailment
The scientist forgot that the manager resigned .	The manager resigned .	entailment
The senator learned that the bankers arrived .	The bankers arrived .	entailment
The presidents remembered that the author contacted the senator .	The author contacted the senator .	entailment
The artist remembered that the banker shouted .	The banker shouted .	entailment
The authors learned that the presidents introduced the artist .	The presidents introduced the artist .	entailment
The author knew that the judge waited .	The judge waited .	entailment
The bankers forgot that the scientists performed .	The scientists performed .	entailment
The banker forgot that the presidents recognized the scientists .	The presidents recognized the scientists .	entailment
The actors remembered that the lawyers arrived .	The lawyers arrived .	entailment
The managers remembered that the authors believed the professor .	The authors believed the professor .	entailment
The athletes knew that the judges encouraged the students .	The judges encouraged the students .	entailment
The artists knew that the presidents admired the lawyer .	The presidents admired the lawyer .	entailment
The professors remembered that the students contacted the artist .	The students contacted the artist .	entailment
The judges remembered that the presidents encouraged the athletes .	The presidents encouraged the athletes .	entailment
The actors remembered that the athletes called the professors .	The athletes called the professors .	entailment
The senators forgot that the president ran .	The president ran .	entailment
The secretaries remembered that the senators arrived .	The senators arrived .	entailment
The judge remembered that the actor saw the president .	The actor saw the president .	entailment
The managers remembered that the presidents avoided the lawyer .	The presidents avoided the lawyer .	entailment
The artist remembered that the author performed .	The author performed .	entailment
The lawyer forgot that the authors shouted .	The authors shouted .	entailment
The judge learned that the president believed the professors .	The president believed the professors .	entailment
The professor remembered that the authors performed .	The authors performed .	entailment
The scientist remembered that the manager resigned .	The manager resigned .	entailment
The senator knew that the tourists mentioned the scientist .	The tourists mentioned the scientist .	entailment
The scientist learned that the judges avoided the banker .	The judges avoided the banker .	entailment
The senators remembered that the bankers advised the judges .	The bankers advised the judges .	entailment
The actors learned that the artists encouraged the professors .	The artists encouraged the professors .	entailment
The athlete forgot that the judges admired the banker .	The judges admired the banker .	entailment
The lawyer remembered that the athlete arrived .	The athlete arrived .	entailment
The senator remembered that the authors waited .	The authors waited .	entailment
The scientist forgot that the actor contacted the author .	The actor contacted the author .	entailment
The professors remembered that the actors admired the presidents .	The actors admired the presidents .	entailment
The manager knew that the tourist performed .	The tourist performed .	entailment
The judges learned that the bankers avoided the senators .	The bankers avoided the senators .	entailment
The students learned that the doctors recognized the actors .	The doctors recognized the actors .	entailment
The doctors forgot that the professor introduced the manager .	The professor introduced the manager .	entailment
The professors learned that the doctor contacted the president .	The doctor contacted the president .	entailment
The bankers remembered that the senator danced .	The senator danced .	entailment
The scientist learned that the bankers advised the professors .	The bankers advised the professors .	entailment
The secretary forgot that the managers slept .	The managers slept .	entailment
The students forgot that the presidents contacted the lawyer .	The presidents contacted the lawyer .	entailment
The presidents knew that the athlete called the bankers .	The athlete called the bankers .	entailment
The tourist forgot that the scientist advised the managers .	The scientist advised the managers .	entailment
The artist forgot that the author ran .	The author ran .	entailment
The scientists forgot that the managers contacted the judges .	The managers contacted the judges .	entailment
The secretary learned that the doctor performed .	The doctor performed .	entailment
The president forgot that the lawyers danced .	The lawyers danced .	entailment
The lawyer forgot that the presidents waited .	The presidents waited .	entailment
The bankers knew that the senators shouted .	The senators shouted .	entailment
The president learned that the tourist ran .	The tourist ran .	entailment
The artists remembered that the lawyer advised the authors .	The lawyer advised the authors .	entailment
The lawyer forgot that the athletes saw the actors .	The athletes saw the actors .	entailment
The manager remembered that the secretary saw the judges .	The secretary saw the judges .	entailment
The senator forgot that the judge arrived .	The judge arrived .	entailment
The lawyers learned that the artist shouted .	The artist shouted .	entailment
The managers knew that the athletes saw the senators .	The athletes saw the senators .	entailment
The actors knew that the doctor admired the manager .	The doctor admired the manager .	entailment
The actor knew that the senator arrived .	The senator arrived .	entailment
The students learned that the managers slept .	The managers slept .	entailment
The athlete learned that the artist admired the students .	The artist admired the students .	entailment
The lawyer remembered that the author avoided the athlete .	The author avoided the athlete .	entailment
The lawyer learned that the scientist shouted .	The scientist shouted .	entailment
The professor forgot that the senators avoided the athlete .	The senators avoided the athlete .	entailment
The judges forgot that the student slept .	The student slept .	entailment
The athletes forgot that the secretaries mentioned the senator .	The secretaries mentioned the senator .	entailment
The author knew that the manager contacted the president .	The manager contacted the president .	entailment
The students learned that the actors admired the judges .	The actors admired the judges .	entailment
The artist remembered that the professors believed the scientists .	The professors believed the scientists .	entailment
The author remembered that the professors avoided the judge .	The professors avoided the judge .	entailment
The senators remembered that the professors contacted the tourist .	The professors contacted the tourist .	entailment
The student remembered that the presidents thanked the lawyer .	The presidents thanked the lawyer .	entailment
The lawyers forgot that the doctor arrived .	The doctor arrived .	entailment
The president knew that the lawyer introduced the actors .	The lawyer introduced the actors .	entailment
The artist forgot that the author recommended the professors .	The author recommended the professors .	entailment
The athletes knew that the tourist admired the bankers .	The tourist admired the bankers .	entailment
The presidents knew that the secretary stopped the judges .	The secretary stopped the judges .	entailment
The doctor forgot that the artist performed .	The artist performed .	entailment
The judges remembered that the student contacted the artist .	The student contacted the artist .	entailment
The students remembered that the artists saw the professors .	The artists saw the professors .	entailment
The secretaries learned that the tourist arrived .	The tourist arrived .	entailment
The president forgot that the authors recommended the tourists .	The authors recommended the tourists .	entailment
The judge remembered that the students thanked the athlete .	The students thanked the athlete .	entailment
The athlete knew that the banker helped the senators .	The banker helped the senators .	entailment
The doctors remembered that the bankers danced .	The bankers danced .	entailment
The senators knew that the secretaries saw the student .	The secretaries saw the student .	entailment
The president learned that the professor called the senator .	The professor called the senator .	entailment
The secretaries remembered that the professors believed the manager .	The professors believed the manager .	entailment
The banker knew that the tourist ran .	The tourist ran .	entailment
The professors remembered that the presidents arrived .	The presidents arrived .	entailment
The managers learned that the doctors shouted .	The doctors shouted .	entailment
The athletes forgot that the judges helped the secretary .	The judges helped the secretary .	entailment
The president remembered that the student performed .	The student performed .	entailment
The doctor knew that the actors contacted the artist .	The actors contacted the artist .	entailment
The senator remembered that the professor saw the presidents .	The professor saw the presidents .	entailment
The secretaries remembered that the student mentioned the professors .	The student mentioned the professors .	entailment
The president learned that the judges contacted the bankers .	The judges contacted the bankers .	entailment
The judges learned that the students avoided the actor .	The students avoided the actor .	entailment
The scientists remembered that the professors admired the banker .	The professors admired the banker .	entailment
The banker remembered that the students mentioned the doctors .	The students mentioned the doctors .	entailment
The senator knew that the athletes arrived .	The athletes arrived .	entailment
The presidents learned that the lawyer danced .	The lawyer danced .	entailment
The student remembered that the senator believed the judges .	The senator believed the judges .	entailment
The presidents remembered that the scientists advised the lawyer .	The scientists advised the lawyer .	entailment
The professors learned that the manager thanked the tourist .	The manager thanked the tourist .	entailment
The artist remembered that the lawyer stopped the students .	The lawyer stopped the students .	entailment
The judge knew that the manager stopped the president .	The manager stopped the president .	entailment
The athletes learned that the actor ran .	The actor ran .	entailment
The lawyers knew that the student thanked the doctors .	The student thanked the doctors .	entailment
The manager knew that the judges shouted .	The judges shouted .	entailment
The professors forgot that the secretaries recognized the students .	The secretaries recognized the students .	entailment
The manager remembered that the doctor stopped the president .	The doctor stopped the president .	entailment
The actors forgot that the presidents advised the manager .	The presidents advised the manager .	entailment
The athlete knew that the presidents recommended the artists .	The presidents recommended the artists .	entailment
The senator forgot that the actor recommended the author .	The actor recommended the author .	entailment
The bankers forgot that the tourist arrived .	The tourist arrived .	entailment
The athletes learned that the secretaries waited .	The secretaries waited .	entailment
The athlete forgot that the professors slept .	The professors slept .	entailment
The lawyer learned that the author waited .	The author waited .	entailment
The artist forgot that the doctor arrived .	The doctor arrived .	entailment
The professors forgot that the artists resigned .	The artists resigned .	entailment
The artists learned that the manager danced .	The manager danced .	entailment
The professor knew that the bankers ran .	The bankers ran .	entailment
The lawyers learned that the tourist ran .	The tourist ran .	entailment
The doctor remembered that the judges advised the authors .	The judges advised the authors .	entailment
The professors learned that the athlete mentioned the doctors .	The athlete mentioned the doctors .	entailment
The senators forgot that the judges supported the authors .	The judges supported the authors .	entailment
The secretaries learned that the managers admired the professors .	The managers admired the professors .	entailment
The secretary learned that the athletes saw the senator .	The athletes saw the senator .	entailment
The secretaries knew that the judge slept .	The judge slept .	entailment
The artists remembered that the banker recommended the scientist .	The banker recommended the scientist .	entailment
The authors forgot that the managers called the bankers .	The managers called the bankers .	entailment
The actor forgot that the managers stopped the athlete .	The managers stopped the athlete .	entailment
The lawyer knew that the senators supported the judges .	The senators supported the judges .	entailment
The senator knew that the artists arrived .	The artists arrived .	entailment
The president learned that the senator mentioned the secretary .	The senator mentioned the secretary .	entailment
The scientist remembered that the presidents contacted the artists .	The presidents contacted the artists .	entailment
The lawyer knew that the scientists arrived .	The scientists arrived .	entailment
The secretary forgot that the artists saw the athlete .	The artists saw the athlete .	entailment
The tourist learned that the managers slept .	The managers slept .	entailment
The actors knew that the student believed the presidents .	The student believed the presidents .	entailment
The senators learned that the students stopped the actors .	The students stopped the actors .	entailment
The doctors forgot that the senators encouraged the managers .	The senators encouraged the managers .	entailment
The banker knew that the scientist avoided the athlete .	The scientist avoided the athlete .	entailment
The tourist remembered that the manager advised the student .	The manager advised the student .	entailment
The lawyers learned that the athlete danced .	The athlete danced .	entailment
The professors remembered that the doctor called the lawyers .	The doctor called the lawyers .	entailment
The artist forgot that the judges performed .	The judges performed .	entailment
The president forgot that the athletes helped the professor .	The athletes helped the professor .	entailment
The tourist knew that the actor danced .	The actor danced .	entailment
The secretary learned that the scientist advised the actors .	The scientist advised the actors .	entailment
The president knew that the lawyers resigned .	The lawyers resigned .	entailment
The judges knew that the secretary danced .	The secretary danced .	entailment
The president forgot that the senators encouraged the managers .	The senators encouraged the managers .	entailment
The authors knew that the doctors contacted the tourists .	The doctors contacted the tourists .	entailment
The lawyers forgot that the scientist avoided the secretary .	The scientist avoided the secretary .	entailment
The senators forgot that the bankers mentioned the authors .	The bankers mentioned the authors .	entailment
The student learned that the judge encouraged the artist .	The judge encouraged the artist .	entailment
The tourists learned that the author performed .	The author performed .	entailment
The athlete forgot that the judge contacted the tourist .	The judge contacted the tourist .	entailment
The judges knew that the student performed .	The student performed .	entailment
The managers forgot that the athletes slept .	The athletes slept .	entailment
The doctors remembered that the tourists slept .	The tourists slept .	entailment
The bankers learned that the artists contacted the lawyers .	The artists contacted the lawyers .	entailment
The scientist knew that the author mentioned the secretaries .	The author mentioned the secretaries .	entailment
The professor learned that the doctor shouted .	The doctor shouted .	entailment
The artists remembered that the manager arrived .	The manager arrived .	entailment
The secretary remembered that the scientist avoided the judges .	The scientist avoided the judges .	entailment
The bankers knew that the author mentioned the athletes .	The author mentioned the athletes .	entailment
The judge remembered that the athlete danced .	The athlete danced .	entailment
The authors remembered that the actor recommended the scientist .	The actor recommended the scientist .	entailment
The lawyers knew that the senator saw the presidents .	The senator saw the presidents .	entailment
The manager forgot that the banker admired the doctors .	The banker admired the doctors .	entailment
The secretary forgot that the president recognized the actor .	The president recognized the actor .	entailment
The secretaries forgot that the senators thanked the athletes .	The senators thanked the athletes .	entailment
The student remembered that the managers saw the authors .	The managers saw the authors .	entailment
The scientist learned that the judges called the lawyers .	The judges called the lawyers .	entailment
The athletes knew that the judges saw the secretary .	The judges saw the secretary .	entailment
The judges remembered that the managers thanked the bankers .	The managers thanked the bankers .	entailment
The judges remembered that the scientists called the tourist .	The scientists called the tourist .	entailment
The artists learned that the managers thanked the bankers .	The managers thanked the bankers .	entailment
The judges learned that the scientist avoided the manager .	The scientist avoided the manager .	entailment
The lawyer learned that the doctor stopped the actor .	The doctor stopped the actor .	entailment
The judge forgot that the doctors mentioned the lawyers .	The doctors mentioned the lawyers .	entailment
The banker learned that the scientists waited .	The scientists waited .	entailment
The banker forgot that the lawyers shouted .	The lawyers shouted .	entailment
The secretary remembered that the professors admired the presidents .	The professors admired the presidents .	entailment
The lawyer remembered that the secretaries contacted the professor .	The secretaries contacted the professor .	entailment
The scientist forgot that the professor performed .	The professor performed .	entailment
The professor forgot that the author waited .	The author waited .	entailment
The actors forgot that the judges called the professors .	The judges called the professors .	entailment
The secretary knew that the students danced .	The students danced .	entailment
The senator knew that the secretaries stopped the artist .	The secretaries stopped the artist .	entailment
The doctor knew that the senator supported the president .	The senator supported the president .	entailment
The tourists knew that the student ran .	The student ran .	entailment
The athlete knew that the presidents believed the scientist .	The presidents believed the scientist .	entailment
The author knew that the artist mentioned the actors .	The artist mentioned the actors .	entailment
The professor learned that the senator advised the lawyers .	The senator advised the lawyers .	entailment
The manager forgot that the scientist mentioned the lawyers .	The scientist mentioned the lawyers .	entailment
The secretaries remembered that the managers believed the bankers .	The managers believed the bankers .	entailment
The scientist learned that the students advised the managers .	The students advised the managers .	entailment
The student forgot that the artists stopped the secretaries .	The artists stopped the secretaries .	entailment
The tourists knew that the judge recognized the secretary .	The judge recognized the secretary .	entailment
The professors forgot that the senators recommended the judge .	The senators recommended the judge .	entailment
The presidents learned that the doctors ran .	The doctors ran .	entailment
The artist forgot that the professors contacted the actors .	The professors contacted the actors .	entailment
The senators learned that the manager ran .	The manager ran .	entailment
The doctors knew that the students ran .	The students ran .	entailment
The artists knew that the scientist stopped the senators .	The scientist stopped the senators .	entailment
The senator forgot that the managers shouted .	The managers shouted .	entailment
The students remembered that the scientist advised the banker .	The scientist advised the banker .	entailment
The athletes knew that the secretaries danced .	The secretaries danced .	entailment
The athletes forgot that the manager performed .	The manager performed .	entailment
The professor knew that the author performed .	The author performed .	entailment
The judge forgot that the senator shouted .	The senator shouted .	entailment
The scientists knew that the doctor waited .	The doctor waited .	entailment
The presidents remembered that the scientist recommended the bankers .	The scientist recommended the bankers .	entailment
The lawyers learned that the tourists ran .	The tourists ran .	entailment
The athlete remembered that the secretaries advised the actor .	The secretaries advised the actor .	entailment
The athlete remembered that the managers advised the banker .	The managers advised the banker .	entailment
The lawyers knew that the president helped the authors .	The president helped the authors .	entailment
The authors forgot that the actors stopped the professors .	The actors stopped the professors .	entailment
The student knew that the lawyer helped the president .	The lawyer helped the president .	entailment
The president knew that the managers introduced the students .	The managers introduced the students .	entailment
The students learned that the lawyer waited .	The lawyer waited .	entailment
The artist forgot that the athlete encouraged the doctors .	The athlete encouraged the doctors .	entailment
The senators knew that the artist shouted .	The artist shouted .	entailment
The athletes learned that the manager slept .	The manager slept .	entailment
The senator learned that the doctors slept .	The doctors slept .	entailment
The secretary knew that the lawyers supported the judge .	The lawyers supported the judge .	entailment
The judge knew that the doctors introduced the president .	The doctors introduced the president .	entailment
The lawyer knew that the senator avoided the actor .	The senator avoided the actor .	entailment
The author remembered that the actors waited .	The actors waited .	entailment
The president remembered that the doctors shouted .	The doctors shouted .	entailment
The secretaries remembered that the professor advised the actor .	The professor advised the actor .	entailment
The artists learned that the authors admired the doctor .	The authors admired the doctor .	entailment
The judge learned that the lawyers arrived .	The lawyers arrived .	entailment
The bankers forgot that the tourists resigned .	The tourists resigned .	entailment
The athlete knew that the judges performed .	The judges performed .	entailment
The banker forgot that the managers arrived .	The managers arrived .	entailment
The professor knew that the scientist recommended the artist .	The scientist recommended the artist .	entailment
The presidents knew that the bankers arrived .	The bankers arrived .	entailment
The bankers remembered that the senators supported the scientist .	The senators supported the scientist .	entailment
The lawyer learned that the president recognized the authors .	The president recognized the authors .	entailment
The professor remembered that the managers recognized the senator .	The managers recognized the senator .	entailment
The actors remembered that the lawyers danced .	The lawyers danced .	entailment
The artist forgot that the author admired the doctor .	The author admired the doctor .	entailment
The senators learned that the actor stopped the lawyer .	The actor stopped the lawyer .	entailment
The bankers forgot that the actor called the doctor .	The actor called the doctor .	entailment
The judges forgot that the managers stopped the athletes .	The managers stopped the athletes .	entailment
The professor knew that the actor helped the doctor .	The actor helped the doctor .	entailment
The tourists knew that the doctors supported the artist .	The doctors supported the artist .	entailment
The scientists knew that the lawyers stopped the doctor .	The lawyers stopped the doctor .	entailment
The senators knew that the managers stopped the lawyer .	The managers stopped the lawyer .	entailment
The students forgot that the manager ran .	The manager ran .	entailment
The tourists forgot that the secretaries advised the actor .	The secretaries advised the actor .	entailment
The tourists learned that the managers resigned .	The managers resigned .	entailment
The bankers knew that the actors danced .	The actors danced .	entailment
The professor knew that the bankers advised the secretary .	The bankers advised the secretary .	entailment
The lawyer remembered that the authors danced .	The authors danced .	entailment
The actor learned that the professors stopped the athletes .	The professors stopped the athletes .	entailment
The artists forgot that the president danced .	The president danced .	entailment
The scientists knew that the artists contacted the president .	The artists contacted the president .	entailment
The athletes forgot that the student resigned .	The student resigned .	entailment
The actor learned that the professor avoided the tourists .	The professor avoided the tourists .	entailment
The scientists forgot that the secretary slept .	The secretary slept .	entailment
The lawyer remembered that the banker danced .	The banker danced .	entailment
The artists forgot that the scientist introduced the doctors .	The scientist introduced the doctors .	entailment
The senator learned that the artists mentioned the doctors .	The artists mentioned the doctors .	entailment
The doctors remembered that the author arrived .	The author arrived .	entailment
The authors knew that the tourist resigned .	The tourist resigned .	entailment
The actor knew that the judges ran .	The judges ran .	entailment
The athletes forgot that the actors thanked the presidents .	The actors thanked the presidents .	entailment
The tourists knew that the senator believed the athlete .	The senator believed the athlete .	entailment
The senators remembered that the professors recommended the managers .	The professors recommended the managers .	entailment
The lawyer knew that the doctors mentioned the artist .	The doctors mentioned the artist .	entailment
The judges forgot that the artists contacted the lawyer .	The artists contacted the lawyer .	entailment
The authors knew that the secretary recognized the judges .	The secretary recognized the judges .	entailment
The athlete remembered that the judges avoided the tourist .	The judges avoided the tourist .	entailment
The athlete learned that the judges encouraged the managers .	The judges encouraged the managers .	entailment
The authors knew that the manager stopped the artists .	The manager stopped the artists .	entailment
The bankers remembered that the presidents shouted .	The presidents shouted .	entailment
The authors learned that the athletes admired the presidents .	The athletes admired the presidents .	entailment
The lawyer forgot that the student danced .	The student danced .	entailment
The president knew that the professor ran .	The professor ran .	entailment
The doctors remembered that the authors contacted the students .	The authors contacted the students .	entailment
The manager remembered that the doctors shouted .	The doctors shouted .	entailment
The senator forgot that the students encouraged the doctors .	The students encouraged the doctors .	entailment
The lawyers forgot that the manager called the judge .	The manager called the judge .	entailment
The bankers knew that the senators performed .	The senators performed .	entailment
The student learned that the doctor avoided the secretary .	The doctor avoided the secretary .	entailment
The scientist knew that the authors arrived .	The authors arrived .	entailment
The athlete forgot that the student called the artist .	The student called the artist .	entailment
The managers forgot that the tourists arrived .	The tourists arrived .	entailment
The lawyers learned that the doctors mentioned the professors .	The doctors mentioned the professors .	entailment
The authors remembered that the athletes shouted .	The athletes shouted .	entailment
The students forgot that the managers mentioned the lawyer .	The managers mentioned the lawyer .	entailment
The professor knew that the doctor resigned .	The doctor resigned .	entailment
The lawyers knew that the actor danced .	The actor danced .	entailment
The lawyers forgot that the tourist admired the athletes .	The tourist admired the athletes .	entailment
The senators remembered that the scientist shouted .	The scientist shouted .	entailment
The tourists remembered that the artists introduced the judge .	The artists introduced the judge .	entailment
The scientist knew that the professors stopped the authors .	The professors stopped the authors .	entailment
The presidents learned that the lawyers recognized the tourist .	The lawyers recognized the tourist .	entailment
The banker learned that the scientists performed .	The scientists performed .	entailment
The bankers learned that the managers recommended the presidents .	The managers recommended the presidents .	entailment
The tourists forgot that the banker stopped the secretary .	The banker stopped the secretary .	entailment
The bankers remembered that the students helped the secretary .	The students helped the secretary .	entailment
The lawyer forgot that the student helped the athletes .	The student helped the athletes .	entailment
The presidents remembered that the doctor shouted .	The doctor shouted .	entailment
The actor knew that the author recognized the doctor .	The author recognized the doctor .	entailment
The scientists remembered that the manager mentioned the athletes .	The manager mentioned the athletes .	entailment
The actor learned that the lawyer danced .	The lawyer danced .	entailment
The managers forgot that the students called the president .	The students called the president .	entailment
The tourist forgot that the bankers called the athletes .	The bankers called the athletes .	entailment
The banker knew that the manager mentioned the judges .	The manager mentioned the judges .	entailment
The bankers knew that the managers believed the doctor .	The managers believed the doctor .	entailment
The senators remembered that the lawyer avoided the judges .	The lawyer avoided the judges .	entailment
The judges forgot that the president mentioned the manager .	The president mentioned the manager .	entailment
The artist knew that the professor performed .	The professor performed .	entailment
The managers learned that the senator danced .	The senator danced .	entailment
The judge learned that the authors stopped the presidents .	The authors stopped the presidents .	entailment
The presidents knew that the senators ran .	The senators ran .	entailment
The presidents forgot that the senator resigned .	The senator resigned .	entailment
The manager learned that the senator resigned .	The senator resigned .	entailment
The tourist forgot that the scientist danced .	The scientist danced .	entailment
The professor remembered that the secretaries introduced the judge .	The secretaries introduced the judge .	entailment
The student remembered that the author slept .	The author slept .	entailment
The authors knew that the scientists arrived .	The scientists arrived .	entailment
The lawyers remembered that the doctors slept .	The doctors slept .	entailment
The scientists forgot that the banker saw the manager .	The banker saw the manager .	entailment
The doctor learned that the tourist shouted .	The tourist shouted .	entailment
The lawyer remembered that the manager supported the doctor .	The manager supported the doctor .	entailment
The manager forgot that the secretary resigned .	The secretary resigned .	entailment
The judges knew that the author advised the bankers .	The author advised the bankers .	entailment
The manager knew that the scientist encouraged the lawyer .	The scientist encouraged the lawyer .	entailment
The athlete learned that the tourist admired the author .	The tourist admired the author .	entailment
The bankers remembered that the doctors thanked the actor .	The doctors thanked the actor .	entailment
The authors remembered that the doctors mentioned the scientist .	The doctors mentioned the scientist .	entailment
The lawyer remembered that the author recommended the doctor .	The author recommended the doctor .	entailment
The athlete knew that the secretary danced .	The secretary danced .	entailment
The doctor knew that the athlete slept .	The athlete slept .	entailment
The scientist learned that the athlete helped the tourist .	The athlete helped the tourist .	entailment
The judge remembered that the students advised the artists .	The students advised the artists .	entailment
The managers knew that the professors avoided the presidents .	The professors avoided the presidents .	entailment
The secretaries knew that the students shouted .	The students shouted .	entailment
The tourists forgot that the scientists encouraged the lawyers .	The scientists encouraged the lawyers .	entailment
The artist remembered that the scientists admired the judge .	The scientists admired the judge .	entailment
The professors learned that the tourists supported the actors .	The tourists supported the actors .	entailment
The professors learned that the tourist arrived .	The tourist arrived .	entailment
The president learned that the senator advised the doctors .	The senator advised the doctors .	entailment
The actor forgot that the senators encouraged the artists .	The senators encouraged the artists .	entailment
The author knew that the senators stopped the managers .	The senators stopped the managers .	entailment
The lawyer learned that the scientists ran .	The scientists ran .	entailment
The lawyer knew that the athlete believed the professor .	The athlete believed the professor .	entailment
The author remembered that the secretaries slept .	The secretaries slept .	entailment
The doctors forgot that the authors ran .	The authors ran .	entailment
The senators learned that the professors contacted the judge .	The professors contacted the judge .	entailment
The presidents knew that the judge supported the artists .	The judge supported the artists .	entailment
The doctor learned that the tourists ran .	The tourists ran .	entailment
The athlete learned that the tourist thanked the secretaries .	The tourist thanked the secretaries .	entailment
The scientist learned that the president supported the tourists .	The president supported the tourists .	entailment
The actors remembered that the authors believed the judge .	The authors believed the judge .	entailment
The athletes learned that the senators contacted the manager .	The senators contacted the manager .	entailment
The managers remembered that the professors admired the judge .	The professors admired the judge .	entailment
The student knew that the artist slept .	The artist slept .	entailment
The bankers knew that the doctors performed .	The doctors performed .	entailment
The athlete forgot that the banker admired the actor .	The banker admired the actor .	entailment
The lawyer remembered that the bankers slept .	The bankers slept .	entailment
The banker learned that the artist thanked the senators .	The artist thanked the senators .	entailment
The president knew that the athletes encouraged the judges .	The athletes encouraged the judges .	entailment
The athlete forgot that the doctor thanked the managers .	The doctor thanked the managers .	entailment
The student forgot that the professor saw the manager .	The professor saw the manager .	entailment
The scientists learned that the secretary danced .	The secretary danced .	entailment
The authors forgot that the judge waited .	The judge waited .	entailment
The actors knew that the doctor shouted .	The doctor shouted .	entailment
The artist forgot that the students advised the lawyers .	The students advised the lawyers .	entailment
The tourists knew that the students believed the bankers .	The students believed the bankers .	entailment
The student remembered that the secretary saw the lawyers .	The secretary saw the lawyers .	entailment
The authors learned that the senator ran .	The senator ran .	entailment
The banker knew that the doctors resigned .	The doctors resigned .	entailment
The judges remembered that the tourist called the actors .	The tourist called the actors .	entailment
The doctors knew that the tourists admired the professors .	The tourists admired the professors .	entailment
The presidents forgot that the judge encouraged the actors .	The judge encouraged the actors .	entailment
The artist learned that the senators shouted .	The senators shouted .	entailment
The secretaries knew that the professors encouraged the judges .	The professors encouraged the judges .	entailment
The banker forgot that the athletes encouraged the author .	The athletes encouraged the author .	entailment
The president knew that the manager mentioned the actor .	The manager mentioned the actor .	entailment
The banker remembered that the senators encouraged the lawyers .	The senators encouraged the lawyers .	entailment
The students forgot that the banker saw the judge .	The banker saw the judge .	entailment
The scientist forgot that the banker stopped the athlete .	The banker stopped the athlete .	entailment
The professors knew that the manager recognized the bankers .	The manager recognized the bankers .	entailment
The professors remembered that the scientists performed .	The scientists performed .	entailment
The actors knew that the artists recognized the lawyers .	The artists recognized the lawyers .	entailment
The presidents forgot that the authors resigned .	The authors resigned .	entailment
The actor learned that the presidents stopped the doctor .	The presidents stopped the doctor .	entailment
The student forgot that the athlete helped the secretaries .	The athlete helped the secretaries .	entailment
The managers remembered that the scientists mentioned the doctors .	The scientists mentioned the doctors .	entailment
The doctors learned that the tourist advised the professors .	The tourist advised the professors .	entailment
The tourists remembered that the scientists believed the judges .	The scientists believed the judges .	entailment
The senator forgot that the professors shouted .	The professors shouted .	entailment
The artist remembered that the scientist introduced the actors .	The scientist introduced the actors .	entailment
The managers knew that the students ran .	The students ran .	entailment
The secretaries forgot that the authors supported the tourist .	The authors supported the tourist .	entailment
The doctors remembered that the athlete supported the scientist .	The athlete supported the scientist .	entailment
The athlete learned that the professor arrived .	The professor arrived .	entailment
The students knew that the banker believed the tourists .	The banker believed the tourists .	entailment
The tourist remembered that the actor danced .	The actor danced .	entailment
The professors knew that the bankers recommended the tourists .	The bankers recommended the tourists .	entailment
The banker learned that the athlete performed .	The athlete performed .	entailment
The athletes knew that the actors encouraged the tourist .	The actors encouraged the tourist .	entailment
The tourist forgot that the author arrived .	The author arrived .	entailment
The presidents remembered that the professor contacted the actors .	The professor contacted the actors .	entailment
The actors remembered that the president arrived .	The president arrived .	entailment
The judges remembered that the professor advised the actors .	The professor advised the actors .	entailment
The manager knew that the artists recognized the lawyers .	The artists recognized the lawyers .	entailment
The banker forgot that the senator recognized the doctor .	The senator recognized the doctor .	entailment
The manager forgot that the athletes believed the actors .	The athletes believed the actors .	entailment
The professor learned that the tourists stopped the authors .	The tourists stopped the authors .	entailment
The manager learned that the lawyer arrived .	The lawyer arrived .	entailment
The senators knew that the professor helped the doctor .	The professor helped the doctor .	entailment
The lawyer knew that the artist called the president .	The artist called the president .	entailment
The manager learned that the doctor advised the scientist .	The doctor advised the scientist .	entailment
The senator learned that the scientists recognized the judges .	The scientists recognized the judges .	entailment
The scientist knew that the senator performed .	The senator performed .	entailment
The banker forgot that the athletes ran .	The athletes ran .	entailment
The artists knew that the author avoided the secretary .	The author avoided the secretary .	entailment
The doctor forgot that the judges avoided the students .	The judges avoided the students .	entailment
The scientists learned that the president ran .	The president ran .	entailment
The actors remembered that the artists saw the president .	The artists saw the president .	entailment
The managers remembered that the bankers slept .	The bankers slept .	entailment
The professors knew that the athletes mentioned the actor .	The athletes mentioned the actor .	entailment
The scientists knew that the professors admired the tourist .	The professors admired the tourist .	entailment
The lawyers remembered that the athlete helped the managers .	The athlete helped the managers .	entailment
The banker learned that the secretaries mentioned the professor .	The secretaries mentioned the professor .	entailment
The secretary forgot that the president believed the actors .	The president believed the actors .	entailment
The student learned that the athletes helped the artists .	The athletes helped the artists .	entailment
The student learned that the judge encouraged the athlete .	The judge encouraged the athlete .	entailment
The tourist learned that the author recognized the actors .	The author recognized the actors .	entailment
The athlete remembered that the artist introduced the doctor .	The artist introduced the doctor .	entailment
The banker forgot that the senators shouted .	The senators shouted .	entailment
The senator knew that the doctors performed .	The doctors performed .	entailment
The athlete remembered that the author advised the doctors .	The author advised the doctors .	entailment
The judges remembered that the student encouraged the secretary .	The student encouraged the secretary .	entailment
The students knew that the athlete recommended the authors .	The athlete recommended the authors .	entailment
The actor learned that the lawyer stopped the professors .	The lawyer stopped the professors .	entailment
The athlete remembered that the actor advised the artists .	The actor advised the artists .	entailment
The presidents knew that the students avoided the artists .	The students avoided the artists .	entailment
The senator forgot that the lawyers advised the authors .	The lawyers advised the authors .	entailment
The artist forgot that the scientist stopped the author .	The scientist stopped the author .	entailment
The athlete learned that the professor believed the scientist .	The professor believed the scientist .	entailment
The actors knew that the lawyer encouraged the banker .	The lawyer encouraged the banker .	entailment
The tourists learned that the doctor advised the author .	The doctor advised the author .	entailment
The actor forgot that the judge helped the authors .	The judge helped the authors .	entailment
The tourists learned that the lawyer encouraged the senators .	The lawyer encouraged the senators .	entailment
The athlete forgot that the actor encouraged the president .	The actor encouraged the president .	entailment
The doctor knew that the manager contacted the lawyer .	The manager contacted the lawyer .	entailment
The tourists forgot that the athlete saw the authors .	The athlete saw the authors .	entailment
The doctors remembered that the athlete admired the scientists .	The athlete admired the scientists .	entailment
The lawyers forgot that the judge arrived .	The judge arrived .	entailment
The senator forgot that the doctors recognized the scientists .	The doctors recognized the scientists .	entailment
The authors remembered that the senator contacted the doctor .	The senator contacted the doctor .	entailment
The doctors remembered that the senators introduced the banker .	The senators introduced the banker .	entailment
The authors forgot that the actors performed .	The actors performed .	entailment
The actors forgot that the doctors stopped the bankers .	The doctors stopped the bankers .	entailment
The banker knew that the professors thanked the actors .	The professors thanked the actors .	entailment
The bankers remembered that the students admired the author .	The students admired the author .	entailment
The tourist remembered that the secretaries waited .	The secretaries waited .	entailment
The scientists forgot that the athlete recognized the author .	The athlete recognized the author .	entailment
The scientists forgot that the manager advised the secretary .	The manager advised the secretary .	entailment
The actor forgot that the manager waited .	The manager waited .	entailment
The senators knew that the scientists performed .	The scientists performed .	entailment
The student knew that the secretary shouted .	The secretary shouted .	entailment
The scientist learned that the judges contacted the secretary .	The judges contacted the secretary .	entailment
The presidents knew that the tourist arrived .	The tourist arrived .	entailment
The athlete knew that the scientist admired the judge .	The scientist admired the judge .	entailment
The actor knew that the managers advised the doctors .	The managers advised the doctors .	entailment
The author remembered that the doctor slept .	The doctor slept .	entailment
The actor learned that the manager saw the athlete .	The manager saw the athlete .	entailment
The artists remembered that the athlete helped the secretary .	The athlete helped the secretary .	entailment
The doctors forgot that the professors slept .	The professors slept .	entailment
The professor forgot that the judges waited .	The judges waited .	entailment
The actor learned that the scientist saw the athlete .	The scientist saw the athlete .	entailment
The professors knew that the judge performed .	The judge performed .	entailment
The presidents learned that the senator ran .	The senator ran .	entailment
The artist knew that the senators resigned .	The senators resigned .	entailment
The scientists forgot that the lawyers introduced the doctors .	The lawyers introduced the doctors .	entailment
The bankers remembered that the professor slept .	The professor slept .	entailment
The artist knew that the senators believed the president .	The senators believed the president .	entailment
The judge remembered that the lawyers waited .	The lawyers waited .	entailment
The senators remembered that the judges thanked the secretary .	The judges thanked the secretary .	entailment
The athletes remembered that the senator helped the authors .	The senator helped the authors .	entailment
The manager remembered that the doctors saw the president .	The doctors saw the president .	entailment
The author remembered that the students saw the actor .	The students saw the actor .	entailment
The doctors knew that the lawyer helped the authors .	The lawyer helped the authors .	entailment
The senators forgot that the presidents encouraged the secretary .	The presidents encouraged the secretary .	entailment
The athlete knew that the lawyer saw the doctor .	The lawyer saw the doctor .	entailment
The secretary knew that the presidents mentioned the actor .	The presidents mentioned the actor .	entailment
The artist forgot that the manager slept .	The manager slept .	entailment
The managers learned that the author arrived .	The author arrived .	entailment
The president forgot that the professor avoided the secretary .	The professor avoided the secretary .	entailment
The author learned that the judge shouted .	The judge shouted .	entailment
The artists forgot that the lawyers mentioned the doctor .	The lawyers mentioned the doctor .	entailment
The secretary remembered that the doctors slept .	The doctors slept .	entailment
The athletes knew that the actor performed .	The actor performed .	entailment
The senator forgot that the managers mentioned the presidents .	The managers mentioned the presidents .	entailment
The doctor knew that the students slept .	The students slept .	entailment
The athlete learned that the senator avoided the scientists .	The senator avoided the scientists .	entailment
The senator learned that the actor ran .	The actor ran .	entailment
The manager learned that the artist recommended the tourist .	The artist recommended the tourist .	entailment
The artists forgot that the scientists shouted .	The scientists shouted .	entailment
The lawyer knew that the actors avoided the tourists .	The actors avoided the tourists .	entailment
The senator remembered that the lawyers danced .	The lawyers danced .	entailment
The athlete learned that the manager thanked the student .	The manager thanked the student .	entailment
The professor forgot that the tourist shouted .	The tourist shouted .	entailment
The judges remembered that the athlete recognized the artists .	The athlete recognized the artists .	entailment
The artists forgot that the athletes danced .	The athletes danced .	entailment
The artist remembered that the actor encouraged the authors .	The actor encouraged the authors .	entailment
The bankers knew that the athlete introduced the students .	The athlete introduced the students .	entailment
The tourist learned that the athlete avoided the managers .	The athlete avoided the managers .	entailment
The president remembered that the professor waited .	The professor waited .	entailment
The judges learned that the athletes encouraged the artist .	The athletes encouraged the artist .	entailment
The artists forgot that the athletes thanked the managers .	The athletes thanked the managers .	entailment
The lawyer forgot that the senator avoided the tourist .	The senator avoided the tourist .	entailment
The secretary remembered that the professors encouraged the president .	The professors encouraged the president .	entailment
The professor forgot that the student admired the artists .	The student admired the artists .	entailment
The professors learned that the student danced .	The student danced .	entailment
The president forgot that the professor shouted .	The professor shouted .	entailment
The student forgot that the professor ran .	The professor ran .	entailment
The president remembered that the lawyers thanked the doctors .	The lawyers thanked the doctors .	entailment
The students forgot that the senators danced .	The senators danced .	entailment
The lawyers remembered that the judge resigned .	The judge resigned .	entailment
The doctor knew that the actor slept .	The actor slept .	entailment
The tourists forgot that the athlete avoided the banker .	The athlete avoided the banker .	entailment
The secretaries knew that the banker avoided the lawyer .	The banker avoided the lawyer .	entailment
The artists knew that the banker mentioned the professors .	The banker mentioned the professors .	entailment
The senator remembered that the doctors advised the secretary .	The doctors advised the secretary .	entailment
The athletes knew that the actor shouted .	The actor shouted .	entailment
The presidents forgot that the senator slept .	The senator slept .	entailment
The actors remembered that the secretary danced .	The secretary danced .	entailment
The athlete remembered that the presidents contacted the doctors .	The presidents contacted the doctors .	entailment
The tourists knew that the managers saw the student .	The managers saw the student .	entailment
The athlete knew that the artist arrived .	The artist arrived .	entailment
The lawyers forgot that the artist danced .	The artist danced .	entailment
The managers learned that the doctors contacted the lawyers .	The doctors contacted the lawyers .	entailment
The scientist forgot that the athlete introduced the professor .	The athlete introduced the professor .	entailment
The doctor remembered that the students admired the senator .	The students admired the senator .	entailment
The author learned that the doctor slept .	The doctor slept .	entailment
The judge knew that the student performed .	The student performed .	entailment
The athletes remembered that the students waited .	The students waited .	entailment
The artists knew that the bankers mentioned the author .	The bankers mentioned the author .	entailment
The professors forgot that the senator contacted the artist .	The senator contacted the artist .	entailment
The president learned that the secretaries introduced the artists .	The secretaries introduced the artists .	entailment
The athletes knew that the artist stopped the president .	The artist stopped the president .	entailment
The athlete knew that the secretaries contacted the scientists .	The secretaries contacted the scientists .	entailment
The manager knew that the professor believed the scientists .	The professor believed the scientists .	entailment
The secretaries knew that the professors resigned .	The professors resigned .	entailment
The artist knew that the secretaries danced .	The secretaries danced .	entailment
The managers learned that the presidents encouraged the student .	The presidents encouraged the student .	entailment
The secretaries remembered that the lawyer ran .	The lawyer ran .	entailment
The bankers forgot that the professors recognized the secretaries .	The professors recognized the secretaries .	entailment
The judges learned that the manager advised the bankers .	The manager advised the bankers .	entailment
The lawyers knew that the banker shouted .	The banker shouted .	entailment
The lawyers forgot that the athletes shouted .	The athletes shouted .	entailment
The actors knew that the secretary believed the professor .	The secretary believed the professor .	entailment
The students remembered that the artists thanked the scientists .	The artists thanked the scientists .	entailment
The president forgot that the tourists helped the professor .	The tourists helped the professor .	entailment
The artist learned that the lawyer slept .	The lawyer slept .	entailment
The athletes forgot that the student admired the secretary .	The student admired the secretary .	entailment
The artists remembered that the managers ran .	The managers ran .	entailment
The artists forgot that the banker danced .	The banker danced .	entailment
The professor remembered that the tourists resigned .	The tourists resigned .	entailment
The secretaries learned that the presidents avoided the scientist .	The presidents avoided the scientist .	entailment
The tourists knew that the secretaries ran .	The secretaries ran .	entailment
The professors knew that the banker helped the students .	The banker helped the students .	entailment
The athlete knew that the bankers stopped the lawyer .	The bankers stopped the lawyer .	entailment
The doctor forgot that the presidents ran .	The presidents ran .	entailment
The scientist forgot that the managers believed the doctor .	The managers believed the doctor .	entailment
The actor knew that the artist shouted .	The artist shouted .	entailment
The authors remembered that the judge waited .	The judge waited .	entailment
The senator forgot that the manager contacted the president .	The manager contacted the president .	entailment
The secretaries knew that the athletes avoided the bankers .	The athletes avoided the bankers .	entailment
The tourists knew that the senators called the athlete .	The senators called the athlete .	entailment
The secretaries knew that the scientists supported the students .	The scientists supported the students .	entailment
The lawyer knew that the judges avoided the scientist .	The judges avoided the scientist .	entailment
The tourists forgot that the judges called the actors .	The judges called the actors .	entailment
The scientists forgot that the students called the lawyers .	The students called the lawyers .	entailment
The senator forgot that the secretary danced .	The secretary danced .	entailment
The tourist remembered that the judges avoided the students .	The judges avoided the students .	entailment
The actors knew that the students recommended the secretary .	The students recommended the secretary .	entailment
The student learned that the actor danced .	The actor danced .	entailment
The managers knew that the artist danced .	The artist danced .	entailment
The doctors learned that the presidents avoided the tourists .	The presidents avoided the tourists .	entailment
The artist remembered that the lawyers shouted .	The lawyers shouted .	entailment
The tourist forgot that the student avoided the lawyers .	The student avoided the lawyers .	entailment
The author forgot that the lawyer supported the professor .	The lawyer supported the professor .	entailment
The judges remembered that the students saw the senator .	The students saw the senator .	entailment
The presidents learned that the tourist recognized the student .	The tourist recognized the student .	entailment
The doctor knew that the lawyer introduced the athlete .	The lawyer introduced the athlete .	entailment
The athlete knew that the lawyer helped the artist .	The lawyer helped the artist .	entailment
The judges knew that the authors performed .	The authors performed .	entailment
The managers knew that the secretaries avoided the professors .	The secretaries avoided the professors .	entailment
The artist learned that the lawyer recommended the manager .	The lawyer recommended the manager .	entailment
The artists remembered that the manager advised the secretary .	The manager advised the secretary .	entailment
The athletes forgot that the professors thanked the doctors .	The professors thanked the doctors .	entailment
The athlete learned that the senators believed the scientists .	The senators believed the scientists .	entailment
The judge remembered that the athletes saw the bankers .	The athletes saw the bankers .	entailment
The artists knew that the doctors contacted the actor .	The doctors contacted the actor .	entailment
The banker learned that the doctors avoided the president .	The doctors avoided the president .	entailment
The judges learned that the doctors called the athlete .	The doctors called the athlete .	entailment
The scientists knew that the authors thanked the judge .	The authors thanked the judge .	entailment
The students forgot that the scientists called the managers .	The scientists called the managers .	entailment
The judge learned that the secretaries performed .	The secretaries performed .	entailment
The secretaries forgot that the student encouraged the scientist .	The student encouraged the scientist .	entailment
The secretary remembered that the artists advised the professor .	The artists advised the professor .	entailment
The senator remembered that the artist performed .	The artist performed .	entailment
The judge knew that the lawyers arrived .	The lawyers arrived .	entailment
The tourist remembered that the student danced .	The student danced .	entailment
The managers forgot that the president recognized the athlete .	The president recognized the athlete .	entailment
The scientists knew that the tourist avoided the bankers .	The tourist avoided the bankers .	entailment
The professor learned that the student admired the doctor .	The student admired the doctor .	entailment
The managers learned that the artists admired the author .	The artists admired the author .	entailment
The lawyers remembered that the artists danced .	The artists danced .	entailment
The judges forgot that the senators called the tourists .	The senators called the tourists .	entailment
The senator remembered that the banker avoided the lawyer .	The banker avoided the lawyer .	entailment
The doctors knew that the tourists admired the senators .	The tourists admired the senators .	entailment
The tourists remembered that the athlete waited .	The athlete waited .	entailment
The artists forgot that the banker recognized the actor .	The banker recognized the actor .	entailment
The secretaries forgot that the actors arrived .	The actors arrived .	entailment
The senators knew that the lawyer slept .	The lawyer slept .	entailment
The professor knew that the secretaries stopped the presidents .	The secretaries stopped the presidents .	entailment
The professors knew that the scientists mentioned the student .	The scientists mentioned the student .	entailment
The judge remembered that the professors believed the scientist .	The professors believed the scientist .	entailment
The scientist knew that the professors ran .	The professors ran .	entailment
The president knew that the senators shouted .	The senators shouted .	entailment
The lawyers remembered that the professor shouted .	The professor shouted .	entailment
The secretary learned that the scientist called the artists .	The scientist called the artists .	entailment
The doctors forgot that the artists arrived .	The artists arrived .	entailment
The authors learned that the actors believed the athlete .	The actors believed the athlete .	entailment
The actor forgot that the presidents helped the manager .	The presidents helped the manager .	entailment
The president forgot that the banker contacted the secretary .	The banker contacted the secretary .	entailment
The scientists remembered that the banker ran .	The banker ran .	entailment
The president knew that the secretary arrived .	The secretary arrived .	entailment
The scientists remembered that the secretaries shouted .	The secretaries shouted .	entailment
The senators remembered that the president encouraged the banker .	The president encouraged the banker .	entailment
The students remembered that the manager thanked the judges .	The manager thanked the judges .	entailment
The secretary forgot that the lawyers helped the banker .	The lawyers helped the banker .	entailment
The doctor learned that the scientists recommended the lawyers .	The scientists recommended the lawyers .	entailment
The banker remembered that the secretary saw the doctor .	The secretary saw the doctor .	entailment
The doctor knew that the professor ran .	The professor ran .	entailment
The doctors remembered that the professors admired the actor .	The professors admired the actor .	entailment
The judge learned that the artist contacted the senator .	The artist contacted the senator .	entailment
The secretary knew that the tourist waited .	The tourist waited .	entailment
The athletes learned that the actors supported the professor .	The actors supported the professor .	entailment
The artist remembered that the athlete recognized the student .	The athlete recognized the student .	entailment
The professors remembered that the tourist contacted the senator .	The tourist contacted the senator .	entailment
The doctor knew that the bankers stopped the lawyer .	The bankers stopped the lawyer .	entailment
The judge forgot that the student admired the artists .	The student admired the artists .	entailment
The judges knew that the athletes recommended the president .	The athletes recommended the president .	entailment
The senators knew that the secretaries ran .	The secretaries ran .	entailment
The lawyers learned that the managers ran .	The managers ran .	entailment
The professors remembered that the artist helped the managers .	The artist helped the managers .	entailment
The professors remembered that the actors resigned .	The actors resigned .	entailment
The senator knew that the scientists contacted the managers .	The scientists contacted the managers .	entailment
The banker forgot that the judge advised the professors .	The judge advised the professors .	entailment
The doctor remembered that the banker resigned .	The banker resigned .	entailment
The bankers learned that the presidents thanked the professor .	The presidents thanked the professor .	entailment
The authors learned that the presidents thanked the secretary .	The presidents thanked the secretary .	entailment
The actors knew that the scientist admired the author .	The scientist admired the author .	entailment
The doctor forgot that the managers resigned .	The managers resigned .	entailment
The athletes forgot that the artist encouraged the scientists .	The artist encouraged the scientists .	entailment
The actors learned that the tourists shouted .	The tourists shouted .	entailment
The tourists remembered that the actors believed the scientists .	The actors believed the scientists .	entailment
The president forgot that the senators recognized the actors .	The senators recognized the actors .	entailment
The tourists forgot that the president arrived .	The president arrived .	entailment
The banker remembered that the artists recommended the tourist .	The artists recommended the tourist .	entailment
The president knew that the doctor called the senators .	The doctor called the senators .	entailment
The lawyers forgot that the professors danced .	The professors danced .	entailment
The banker forgot that the president recommended the scientist .	The president recommended the scientist .	entailment
The secretary forgot that the authors advised the scientist .	The authors advised the scientist .	entailment
The lawyers learned that the tourist mentioned the doctor .	The tourist mentioned the doctor .	entailment
The athletes forgot that the doctors recognized the artists .	The doctors recognized the artists .	entailment
The president remembered that the athletes slept .	The athletes slept .	entailment
The professors forgot that the artist encouraged the president .	The artist encouraged the president .	entailment
The author learned that the presidents arrived .	The presidents arrived .	entailment
The artists forgot that the author mentioned the manager .	The author mentioned the manager .	entailment
The actor remembered that the judge resigned .	The judge resigned .	entailment
The scientists learned that the student supported the manager .	The student supported the manager .	entailment
The actor forgot that the authors recommended the artists .	The authors recommended the artists .	entailment
The scientist forgot that the lawyer believed the bankers .	The lawyer believed the bankers .	entailment
The bankers remembered that the author recognized the students .	The author recognized the students .	entailment
The scientist remembered that the bankers danced .	The bankers danced .	entailment
The athlete forgot that the scientists encouraged the artists .	The scientists encouraged the artists .	entailment
The bankers learned that the athletes recognized the authors .	The athletes recognized the authors .	entailment
The tourist learned that the actor encouraged the students .	The actor encouraged the students .	entailment
The scientist remembered that the actors arrived .	The actors arrived .	entailment
The students remembered that the manager thanked the banker .	The manager thanked the banker .	entailment
The professor remembered that the president shouted .	The president shouted .	entailment
The scientists learned that the actor called the managers .	The actor called the managers .	entailment
The athletes forgot that the authors supported the student .	The authors supported the student .	entailment
The authors remembered that the athletes thanked the professor .	The athletes thanked the professor .	entailment
The artists knew that the student stopped the bankers .	The student stopped the bankers .	entailment
The lawyers learned that the actors mentioned the presidents .	The actors mentioned the presidents .	entailment
The senator forgot that the president shouted .	The president shouted .	entailment
The tourists learned that the lawyers shouted .	The lawyers shouted .	entailment
The president forgot that the senators shouted .	The senators shouted .	entailment
The doctor remembered that the tourists admired the judge .	The tourists admired the judge .	entailment
The tourist knew that the doctor encouraged the authors .	The doctor encouraged the authors .	entailment
The secretaries forgot that the doctors recommended the judges .	The doctors recommended the judges .	entailment
The artists remembered that the banker saw the lawyers .	The banker saw the lawyers .	entailment
The secretary remembered that the tourist shouted .	The tourist shouted .	entailment
The banker knew that the professor believed the tourist .	The professor believed the tourist .	entailment
The tourists knew that the judge called the artist .	The judge called the artist .	entailment
The president remembered that the doctor thanked the judges .	The doctor thanked the judges .	entailment
The senator forgot that the actor danced .	The actor danced .	entailment
The artists remembered that the tourists encouraged the lawyers .	The tourists encouraged the lawyers .	entailment
The bankers remembered that the secretary believed the judge .	The secretary believed the judge .	entailment
The athletes forgot that the bankers called the lawyer .	The bankers called the lawyer .	entailment
The judges learned that the actors saw the senator .	The actors saw the senator .	entailment
The banker knew that the presidents recommended the secretary .	The presidents recommended the secretary .	entailment
The president knew that the athlete ran .	The athlete ran .	entailment
The manager learned that the president resigned .	The president resigned .	entailment
The professors remembered that the secretaries performed .	The secretaries performed .	entailment
The president remembered that the doctor encouraged the students .	The doctor encouraged the students .	entailment
The tourists remembered that the scientist waited .	The scientist waited .	entailment
The athletes remembered that the senator resigned .	The senator resigned .	entailment
The managers remembered that the doctors introduced the scientists .	The doctors introduced the scientists .	entailment
The lawyers forgot that the students thanked the tourists .	The students thanked the tourists .	entailment
The secretary learned that the doctor stopped the tourists .	The doctor stopped the tourists .	entailment
The secretaries forgot that the managers supported the authors .	The managers supported the authors .	entailment
The secretaries remembered that the lawyers resigned .	The lawyers resigned .	entailment
The professors forgot that the managers introduced the banker .	The managers introduced the banker .	entailment
The athlete forgot that the tourist recommended the artist .	The tourist recommended the artist .	entailment
The senators remembered that the lawyer introduced the student .	The lawyer introduced the student .	entailment
The artist remembered that the presidents believed the tourist .	The presidents believed the tourist .	entailment
The scientist remembered that the judges encouraged the artists .	The judges encouraged the artists .	entailment
The tourists knew that the author slept .	The author slept .	entailment
The athlete forgot that the actor mentioned the judge .	The actor mentioned the judge .	entailment
The senator remembered that the managers stopped the president .	The managers stopped the president .	entailment
The professor forgot that the tourist resigned .	The tourist resigned .	entailment
The scientist learned that the professor avoided the athletes .	The professor avoided the athletes .	entailment
The athletes knew that the students called the manager .	The students called the manager .	entailment
The judges remembered that the scientist mentioned the lawyer .	The scientist mentioned the lawyer .	entailment
The doctors knew that the athletes contacted the student .	The athletes contacted the student .	entailment
The judge forgot that the authors advised the professors .	The authors advised the professors .	entailment
The athletes remembered that the scientists recommended the tourist .	The scientists recommended the tourist .	entailment
The professors knew that the banker thanked the artist .	The banker thanked the artist .	entailment
The doctor knew that the senator thanked the presidents .	The senator thanked the presidents .	entailment
The bankers forgot that the scientists avoided the athlete .	The scientists avoided the athlete .	entailment
The artists remembered that the lawyers danced .	The lawyers danced .	entailment
The president knew that the secretaries slept .	The secretaries slept .	entailment
The judges forgot that the lawyer introduced the artists .	The lawyer introduced the artists .	entailment
The author learned that the athletes shouted .	The athletes shouted .	entailment
The managers knew that the banker admired the actor .	The banker admired the actor .	entailment
The lawyers remembered that the actors avoided the students .	The actors avoided the students .	entailment
The artist knew that the lawyers danced .	The lawyers danced .	entailment
The professor remembered that the manager performed .	The manager performed .	entailment
The lawyer forgot that the professor thanked the bankers .	The professor thanked the bankers .	entailment
The artists learned that the lawyers helped the tourists .	The lawyers helped the tourists .	entailment
The secretaries remembered that the tourist saw the professors .	The tourist saw the professors .	entailment
The scientists forgot that the students helped the president .	The students helped the president .	entailment
The doctor remembered that the scientist encouraged the secretaries .	The scientist encouraged the secretaries .	entailment
The manager remembered that the tourists arrived .	The tourists arrived .	entailment
The tourist knew that the actor contacted the presidents .	The actor contacted the presidents .	entailment
The authors forgot that the doctor danced .	The doctor danced .	entailment
The tourists remembered that the athlete called the senator .	The athlete called the senator .	entailment
The manager learned that the presidents stopped the secretaries .	The presidents stopped the secretaries .	entailment
The actor forgot that the athletes slept .	The athletes slept .	entailment
The students forgot that the banker saw the secretaries .	The banker saw the secretaries .	entailment
The doctor knew that the lawyer supported the scientist .	The lawyer supported the scientist .	entailment
The senators learned that the artists resigned .	The artists resigned .	entailment
The students forgot that the lawyer shouted .	The lawyer shouted .	entailment
The actor forgot that the judge shouted .	The judge shouted .	entailment
The athletes forgot that the students introduced the actor .	The students introduced the actor .	entailment
The lawyers learned that the doctor shouted .	The doctor shouted .	entailment
The artists learned that the doctors ran .	The doctors ran .	entailment
The artist remembered that the author stopped the presidents .	The author stopped the presidents .	entailment
The athlete knew that the lawyer recognized the authors .	The lawyer recognized the authors .	entailment
The professor learned that the lawyer recognized the athletes .	The lawyer recognized the athletes .	entailment
The managers forgot that the professors encouraged the athletes .	The professors encouraged the athletes .	entailment
The manager knew that the lawyers stopped the artist .	The lawyers stopped the artist .	entailment
The scientist learned that the artists danced .	The artists danced .	entailment
The doctor remembered that the artist helped the professors .	The artist helped the professors .	entailment
The manager remembered that the senator encouraged the athlete .	The senator encouraged the athlete .	entailment
The professor knew that the scientist danced .	The scientist danced .	entailment
The tourists learned that the scientist shouted .	The scientist shouted .	entailment
The student knew that the lawyer slept .	The lawyer slept .	entailment
The doctors forgot that the president helped the secretaries .	The president helped the secretaries .	entailment
The presidents forgot that the professors arrived .	The professors arrived .	entailment
The managers learned that the doctor called the presidents .	The doctor called the presidents .	entailment
The doctors forgot that the athlete contacted the manager .	The athlete contacted the manager .	entailment
The artists remembered that the students avoided the scientists .	The students avoided the scientists .	entailment
The president knew that the doctors resigned .	The doctors resigned .	entailment
The actors remembered that the artist encouraged the professor .	The artist encouraged the professor .	entailment
The author forgot that the judge encouraged the artists .	The judge encouraged the artists .	entailment
The judge forgot that the professors thanked the banker .	The professors thanked the banker .	entailment
The tourists remembered that the scientists admired the senators .	The scientists admired the senators .	entailment
The actors learned that the president recommended the doctors .	The president recommended the doctors .	entailment
The scientist learned that the actor performed .	The actor performed .	entailment
The student knew that the scientist danced .	The scientist danced .	entailment
The doctor remembered that the student arrived .	The student arrived .	entailment
The presidents knew that the judges admired the managers .	The judges admired the managers .	entailment
The scientist knew that the manager avoided the tourist .	The manager avoided the tourist .	entailment
"The senator saw the authors , and the tourists introduced the presidents ."	The tourists introduced the presidents .	entailment
"The students contacted the senators , and the bankers arrived ."	The students contacted the senators .	entailment
"The secretary performed , and the president danced ."	The secretary performed .	entailment
"The judges shouted , and the scientists recognized the lawyer ."	The scientists recognized the lawyer .	entailment
"The students ran , and the authors mentioned the scientists ."	The authors mentioned the scientists .	entailment
"The artist believed the secretaries , and the manager recognized the presidents ."	The manager recognized the presidents .	entailment
"The student shouted , and the tourists admired the professors ."	The student shouted .	entailment
"The secretary believed the student , and the tourists thanked the authors ."	The secretary believed the student .	entailment
"The senators called the scientists , and the managers resigned ."	The senators called the scientists .	entailment
"The professors introduced the artist , and the scientists arrived ."	The professors introduced the artist .	entailment
"The actors supported the managers , and the artist avoided the presidents ."	The artist avoided the presidents .	entailment
"The president performed , and the students saw the professor ."	The president performed .	entailment
"The lawyer danced , and the judge supported the doctors ."	The judge supported the doctors .	entailment
"The scientist arrived , and the artists waited ."	The scientist arrived .	entailment
"The secretary stopped the manager , and the scientist slept ."	The scientist slept .	entailment
"The actors introduced the managers , and the lawyer avoided the scientists ."	The actors introduced the managers .	entailment
"The actors encouraged the bankers , and the student resigned ."	The student resigned .	entailment
"The scientist called the professors , and the judges danced ."	The judges danced .	entailment
"The presidents stopped the students , and the artist shouted ."	The artist shouted .	entailment
"The banker contacted the senators , and the student waited ."	The student waited .	entailment
"The tourists recognized the judges , and the actors mentioned the professors ."	The actors mentioned the professors .	entailment
"The students recognized the actor , and the senators saw the doctors ."	The students recognized the actor .	entailment
"The manager avoided the authors , and the judges saw the professors ."	The judges saw the professors .	entailment
"The students called the secretaries , and the scientist recommended the judges ."	The students called the secretaries .	entailment
"The bankers shouted , and the doctor thanked the scientist ."	The doctor thanked the scientist .	entailment
"The authors encouraged the professors , and the artist arrived ."	The authors encouraged the professors .	entailment
"The presidents waited , and the authors avoided the secretary ."	The presidents waited .	entailment
"The lawyers encouraged the judge , and the professor recognized the tourists ."	The professor recognized the tourists .	entailment
"The scientist stopped the bankers , and the student avoided the professor ."	The scientist stopped the bankers .	entailment
"The athletes called the judges , and the tourist admired the bankers ."	The athletes called the judges .	entailment
"The doctor mentioned the tourists , and the actors advised the bankers ."	The actors advised the bankers .	entailment
"The managers avoided the athlete , and the professors recognized the artist ."	The managers avoided the athlete .	entailment
"The scientist waited , and the athlete saw the secretary ."	The scientist waited .	entailment
"The athletes recognized the secretaries , and the student recommended the tourists ."	The athletes recognized the secretaries .	entailment
"The tourists mentioned the artist , and the banker slept ."	The tourists mentioned the artist .	entailment
"The actor supported the managers , and the senator saw the secretaries ."	The senator saw the secretaries .	entailment
"The doctor admired the student , and the professors advised the manager ."	The professors advised the manager .	entailment
"The athletes resigned , and the students helped the doctor ."	The athletes resigned .	entailment
"The athlete waited , and the author supported the actors ."	The athlete waited .	entailment
"The presidents contacted the tourist , and the professor mentioned the students ."	The presidents contacted the tourist .	entailment
"The artists arrived , and the professor called the doctors ."	The artists arrived .	entailment
"The lawyer encouraged the doctors , and the judge stopped the professors ."	The lawyer encouraged the doctors .	entailment
"The doctors avoided the actors , and the bankers saw the lawyers ."	The bankers saw the lawyers .	entailment
"The actor admired the artists , and the lawyer advised the presidents ."	The actor admired the artists .	entailment
"The secretary believed the athletes , and the president resigned ."	The secretary believed the athletes .	entailment
"The tourist supported the senators , and the managers slept ."	The managers slept .	entailment
"The lawyer danced , and the judges believed the scientist ."	The judges believed the scientist .	entailment
"The professors supported the tourist , and the actors danced ."	The actors danced .	entailment
"The artist slept , and the banker called the scientist ."	The artist slept .	entailment
"The professors performed , and the artist called the secretaries ."	The professors performed .	entailment
"The student resigned , and the judge waited ."	The judge waited .	entailment
"The secretaries danced , and the actor admired the student ."	The secretaries danced .	entailment
"The presidents recommended the actors , and the senators waited ."	The senators waited .	entailment
"The artists mentioned the president , and the managers danced ."	The managers danced .	entailment
"The managers shouted , and the student saw the senators ."	The student saw the senators .	entailment
"The author avoided the president , and the manager encouraged the actor ."	The author avoided the president .	entailment
"The manager avoided the judges , and the students mentioned the scientists ."	The students mentioned the scientists .	entailment
"The senator called the athletes , and the scientist mentioned the president ."	The senator called the athletes .	entailment
"The doctor mentioned the tourists , and the manager waited ."	The manager waited .	entailment
"The bankers arrived , and the lawyers performed ."	The bankers arrived .	entailment
"The lawyer recognized the banker , and the president helped the secretary ."	The president helped the secretary .	entailment
"The banker performed , and the actors saw the presidents ."	The actors saw the presidents .	entailment
"The actors avoided the athletes , and the author supported the managers ."	The author supported the managers .	entailment
"The professor saw the banker , and the judges shouted ."	The judges shouted .	entailment
"The artist stopped the manager , and the doctors believed the lawyers ."	The doctors believed the lawyers .	entailment
"The president slept , and the athletes called the actor ."	The president slept .	entailment
"The students encouraged the secretaries , and the artist ran ."	The artist ran .	entailment
"The actor called the tourists , and the artist resigned ."	The actor called the tourists .	entailment
"The bankers danced , and the judge advised the actors ."	The bankers danced .	entailment
"The lawyers stopped the senators , and the professors helped the banker ."	The lawyers stopped the senators .	entailment
"The scientists resigned , and the managers slept ."	The managers slept .	entailment
"The secretaries shouted , and the lawyers saw the professor ."	The secretaries shouted .	entailment
"The judge waited , and the actors ran ."	The judge waited .	entailment
"The actors called the banker , and the senator admired the artist ."	The senator admired the artist .	entailment
"The managers danced , and the banker waited ."	The banker waited .	entailment
"The actor slept , and the doctor supported the students ."	The doctor supported the students .	entailment
"The doctor slept , and the judge danced ."	The doctor slept .	entailment
"The doctors introduced the banker , and the actors called the managers ."	The doctors introduced the banker .	entailment
"The senator arrived , and the scientist resigned ."	The senator arrived .	entailment
"The lawyers advised the tourists , and the author mentioned the presidents ."	The author mentioned the presidents .	entailment
"The tourist advised the lawyer , and the athlete danced ."	The tourist advised the lawyer .	entailment
"The professor ran , and the managers avoided the artists ."	The professor ran .	entailment
"The artists avoided the judges , and the athlete slept ."	The artists avoided the judges .	entailment
"The professors slept , and the senator contacted the artists ."	The senator contacted the artists .	entailment
"The president resigned , and the actor recognized the lawyers ."	The president resigned .	entailment
"The lawyers advised the managers , and the secretaries believed the scientist ."	The lawyers advised the managers .	entailment
"The lawyer recommended the senator , and the president advised the students ."	The lawyer recommended the senator .	entailment
"The scientist performed , and the president advised the judges ."	The scientist performed .	entailment
"The banker thanked the senators , and the scientists mentioned the judges ."	The scientists mentioned the judges .	entailment
"The senator recommended the students , and the secretary advised the manager ."	The senator recommended the students .	entailment
"The author recognized the secretary , and the manager recommended the judge ."	The manager recommended the judge .	entailment
"The judge resigned , and the professors recognized the managers ."	The professors recognized the managers .	entailment
"The professors stopped the secretary , and the doctors thanked the judge ."	The doctors thanked the judge .	entailment
"The artists thanked the athletes , and the judge helped the secretary ."	The artists thanked the athletes .	entailment
"The actor recognized the banker , and the senators mentioned the artist ."	The actor recognized the banker .	entailment
"The tourist helped the lawyers , and the professors mentioned the judges ."	The tourist helped the lawyers .	entailment
"The bankers performed , and the president encouraged the actors ."	The bankers performed .	entailment
"The secretaries recommended the managers , and the president believed the professors ."	The president believed the professors .	entailment
"The judge thanked the artists , and the athletes resigned ."	The judge thanked the artists .	entailment
"The judge introduced the doctor , and the senators danced ."	The judge introduced the doctor .	entailment
"The bankers believed the presidents , and the judge recognized the artist ."	The bankers believed the presidents .	entailment
"The secretary performed , and the student supported the scientists ."	The student supported the scientists .	entailment
"The scientists admired the student , and the lawyers called the professors ."	The lawyers called the professors .	entailment
"The secretaries shouted , and the lawyer ran ."	The lawyer ran .	entailment
"The actors danced , and the tourists advised the lawyers ."	The actors danced .	entailment
"The author danced , and the bankers avoided the judges ."	The author danced .	entailment
"The manager thanked the bankers , and the presidents performed ."	The presidents performed .	entailment
"The doctor contacted the managers , and the scientist believed the actors ."	The scientist believed the actors .	entailment
"The doctors believed the judges , and the athlete recommended the secretaries ."	The athlete recommended the secretaries .	entailment
"The scientist contacted the manager , and the judge supported the doctor ."	The scientist contacted the manager .	entailment
"The senator waited , and the judges thanked the tourist ."	The senator waited .	entailment
"The presidents shouted , and the judges recognized the scientists ."	The judges recognized the scientists .	entailment
"The doctor thanked the president , and the athletes shouted ."	The doctor thanked the president .	entailment
"The student supported the artists , and the professor arrived ."	The student supported the artists .	entailment
"The managers recognized the presidents , and the actor encouraged the lawyers ."	The managers recognized the presidents .	entailment
"The secretary believed the scientist , and the lawyer thanked the actor ."	The secretary believed the scientist .	entailment
"The actor called the professor , and the artists slept ."	The artists slept .	entailment
"The lawyer believed the artist , and the secretaries advised the doctor ."	The secretaries advised the doctor .	entailment
"The professor slept , and the banker advised the author ."	The professor slept .	entailment
"The judges advised the students , and the secretaries shouted ."	The judges advised the students .	entailment
"The manager danced , and the artist believed the tourists ."	The artist believed the tourists .	entailment
"The senators admired the tourist , and the athletes stopped the actors ."	The senators admired the tourist .	entailment
"The tourists saw the presidents , and the banker helped the scientists ."	The banker helped the scientists .	entailment
"The president avoided the secretaries , and the judge recognized the authors ."	The president avoided the secretaries .	entailment
"The scientist encouraged the actor , and the authors introduced the managers ."	The scientist encouraged the actor .	entailment
"The lawyers ran , and the students helped the professors ."	The students helped the professors .	entailment
"The judges arrived , and the artists stopped the doctors ."	The judges arrived .	entailment
"The president waited , and the students stopped the judges ."	The students stopped the judges .	entailment
"The doctor arrived , and the professor introduced the lawyer ."	The professor introduced the lawyer .	entailment
"The scientists saw the managers , and the banker danced ."	The scientists saw the managers .	entailment
"The tourist admired the managers , and the judges danced ."	The judges danced .	entailment
"The doctor slept , and the author introduced the senator ."	The doctor slept .	entailment
"The doctors called the student , and the scientist waited ."	The doctors called the student .	entailment
"The banker waited , and the lawyer saw the student ."	The banker waited .	entailment
"The professors encouraged the actors , and the tourist recognized the authors ."	The tourist recognized the authors .	entailment
"The scientists danced , and the lawyers mentioned the managers ."	The scientists danced .	entailment
"The president ran , and the tourists helped the lawyer ."	The president ran .	entailment
"The athletes thanked the senator , and the manager saw the tourist ."	The athletes thanked the senator .	entailment
"The professor danced , and the artists resigned ."	The professor danced .	entailment
"The secretaries slept , and the judges helped the president ."	The judges helped the president .	entailment
"The students performed , and the professor called the judges ."	The professor called the judges .	entailment
"The athletes shouted , and the lawyer danced ."	The athletes shouted .	entailment
"The presidents mentioned the artists , and the banker ran ."	The banker ran .	entailment
"The artists advised the senators , and the tourists introduced the lawyers ."	The tourists introduced the lawyers .	entailment
"The athlete stopped the artists , and the banker admired the lawyer ."	The athlete stopped the artists .	entailment
"The authors advised the tourist , and the artist waited ."	The artist waited .	entailment
"The secretaries advised the senators , and the bankers saw the artists ."	The secretaries advised the senators .	entailment
"The secretaries recommended the tourists , and the professors encouraged the lawyer ."	The professors encouraged the lawyer .	entailment
"The bankers waited , and the presidents performed ."	The presidents performed .	entailment
"The presidents stopped the banker , and the lawyer believed the doctor ."	The presidents stopped the banker .	entailment
"The professor saw the actors , and the senators believed the presidents ."	The senators believed the presidents .	entailment
"The lawyer called the doctor , and the actors ran ."	The actors ran .	entailment
"The tourist resigned , and the actors admired the senators ."	The tourist resigned .	entailment
"The authors admired the professor , and the presidents recommended the tourist ."	The authors admired the professor .	entailment
"The secretaries introduced the student , and the bankers ran ."	The bankers ran .	entailment
"The senator admired the judges , and the presidents saw the bankers ."	The senator admired the judges .	entailment
"The lawyer arrived , and the managers encouraged the students ."	The managers encouraged the students .	entailment
"The senator encouraged the athletes , and the banker recognized the students ."	The banker recognized the students .	entailment
"The scientist danced , and the tourist helped the author ."	The scientist danced .	entailment
"The scientists waited , and the tourist encouraged the manager ."	The tourist encouraged the manager .	entailment
"The banker saw the authors , and the tourist advised the secretaries ."	The banker saw the authors .	entailment
"The scientist waited , and the banker danced ."	The banker danced .	entailment
"The scientists resigned , and the judge recognized the senators ."	The judge recognized the senators .	entailment
"The students helped the secretary , and the doctor thanked the judge ."	The doctor thanked the judge .	entailment
"The scientists slept , and the senators advised the tourist ."	The senators advised the tourist .	entailment
"The bankers helped the athletes , and the senators encouraged the lawyers ."	The senators encouraged the lawyers .	entailment
"The professors danced , and the athlete called the student ."	The professors danced .	entailment
"The artist supported the tourists , and the senator recognized the doctors ."	The senator recognized the doctors .	entailment
"The banker introduced the artist , and the scientist shouted ."	The scientist shouted .	entailment
"The banker avoided the lawyer , and the authors resigned ."	The authors resigned .	entailment
"The bankers introduced the lawyer , and the secretaries arrived ."	The bankers introduced the lawyer .	entailment
"The judge introduced the scientist , and the actor believed the senator ."	The judge introduced the scientist .	entailment
"The professors stopped the president , and the senators arrived ."	The senators arrived .	entailment
"The president resigned , and the actors saw the senators ."	The president resigned .	entailment
"The tourist saw the lawyer , and the actors introduced the senator ."	The tourist saw the lawyer .	entailment
"The athletes shouted , and the managers recognized the secretaries ."	The athletes shouted .	entailment
"The banker resigned , and the secretaries danced ."	The banker resigned .	entailment
"The professor slept , and the senator resigned ."	The senator resigned .	entailment
"The secretaries recommended the senators , and the actors ran ."	The secretaries recommended the senators .	entailment
"The manager contacted the doctor , and the presidents helped the scientist ."	The manager contacted the doctor .	entailment
"The lawyer helped the tourist , and the manager recognized the professor ."	The manager recognized the professor .	entailment
"The professors helped the authors , and the tourist mentioned the doctor ."	The professors helped the authors .	entailment
"The professors advised the lawyer , and the students arrived ."	The professors advised the lawyer .	entailment
"The tourist believed the secretary , and the athlete thanked the doctor ."	The athlete thanked the doctor .	entailment
"The senator shouted , and the bankers supported the professor ."	The senator shouted .	entailment
"The athlete encouraged the scientist , and the secretaries arrived ."	The secretaries arrived .	entailment
"The president arrived , and the managers helped the students ."	The president arrived .	entailment
"The actors thanked the professor , and the scientists recognized the author ."	The actors thanked the professor .	entailment
"The artists avoided the doctors , and the professor helped the senator ."	The professor helped the senator .	entailment
"The lawyer shouted , and the bankers mentioned the managers ."	The lawyer shouted .	entailment
"The doctors waited , and the students believed the scientist ."	The doctors waited .	entailment
"The athletes advised the judge , and the manager resigned ."	The manager resigned .	entailment
"The athlete ran , and the president recommended the actor ."	The athlete ran .	entailment
"The lawyers admired the president , and the author helped the professor ."	The lawyers admired the president .	entailment
"The artist resigned , and the students encouraged the senators ."	The artist resigned .	entailment
"The secretaries encouraged the actor , and the manager arrived ."	The secretaries encouraged the actor .	entailment
"The student ran , and the president arrived ."	The president arrived .	entailment
"The student shouted , and the actors performed ."	The actors performed .	entailment
"The professors danced , and the athlete advised the managers ."	The professors danced .	entailment
"The artists believed the presidents , and the senators arrived ."	The senators arrived .	entailment
"The actor contacted the presidents , and the athletes recognized the students ."	The athletes recognized the students .	entailment
"The doctors stopped the student , and the bankers introduced the professor ."	The doctors stopped the student .	entailment
"The senators performed , and the secretaries recommended the presidents ."	The senators performed .	entailment
"The lawyers arrived , and the artist called the judges ."	The lawyers arrived .	entailment
"The author recognized the professors , and the students encouraged the president ."	The author recognized the professors .	entailment
"The authors waited , and the doctor recognized the artist ."	The doctor recognized the artist .	entailment
"The lawyers ran , and the scientists danced ."	The scientists danced .	entailment
"The athlete danced , and the presidents admired the tourist ."	The presidents admired the tourist .	entailment
"The professor performed , and the authors introduced the scientists ."	The authors introduced the scientists .	entailment
"The author danced , and the athlete arrived ."	The athlete arrived .	entailment
"The lawyer introduced the banker , and the athlete supported the artist ."	The athlete supported the artist .	entailment
"The manager recognized the doctors , and the student danced ."	The manager recognized the doctors .	entailment
"The secretary avoided the senators , and the students helped the managers ."	The students helped the managers .	entailment
"The scientist admired the professors , and the managers recommended the judge ."	The managers recommended the judge .	entailment
"The secretaries recommended the lawyer , and the senator danced ."	The senator danced .	entailment
"The judge stopped the scientist , and the president waited ."	The president waited .	entailment
"The artists believed the lawyer , and the tourists recommended the actors ."	The artists believed the lawyer .	entailment
"The student recommended the senator , and the authors performed ."	The authors performed .	entailment
"The professor thanked the judges , and the secretaries stopped the tourist ."	The professor thanked the judges .	entailment
"The actor resigned , and the athletes slept ."	The actor resigned .	entailment
"The scientist introduced the athletes , and the senator shouted ."	The scientist introduced the athletes .	entailment
"The doctor helped the authors , and the judge recognized the managers ."	The doctor helped the authors .	entailment
"The artist thanked the managers , and the lawyer danced ."	The artist thanked the managers .	entailment
"The scientist introduced the senators , and the actors mentioned the lawyers ."	The actors mentioned the lawyers .	entailment
"The judge recommended the actors , and the president waited ."	The president waited .	entailment
"The professor called the judges , and the artists shouted ."	The artists shouted .	entailment
"The judges helped the author , and the tourist avoided the lawyers ."	The tourist avoided the lawyers .	entailment
"The president slept , and the secretary recognized the judges ."	The secretary recognized the judges .	entailment
"The scientists danced , and the tourists resigned ."	The tourists resigned .	entailment
"The artist contacted the managers , and the lawyer recognized the secretaries ."	The lawyer recognized the secretaries .	entailment
"The banker supported the lawyer , and the tourists saw the scientists ."	The banker supported the lawyer .	entailment
"The doctors danced , and the presidents advised the actor ."	The presidents advised the actor .	entailment
"The secretary contacted the author , and the professor recognized the bankers ."	The secretary contacted the author .	entailment
"The athletes slept , and the secretary recognized the managers ."	The secretary recognized the managers .	entailment
"The presidents stopped the bankers , and the athlete slept ."	The athlete slept .	entailment
"The judge slept , and the author supported the scientists ."	The author supported the scientists .	entailment
"The presidents shouted , and the artist performed ."	The artist performed .	entailment
"The actor performed , and the doctors contacted the student ."	The doctors contacted the student .	entailment
"The senator resigned , and the tourists thanked the manager ."	The senator resigned .	entailment
"The author helped the doctor , and the tourists arrived ."	The tourists arrived .	entailment
"The actor waited , and the lawyer believed the artist ."	The lawyer believed the artist .	entailment
"The banker helped the professor , and the manager advised the actors ."	The manager advised the actors .	entailment
"The doctor slept , and the actors believed the professors ."	The actors believed the professors .	entailment
"The doctors encouraged the actor , and the artists danced ."	The artists danced .	entailment
"The tourist encouraged the presidents , and the doctor danced ."	The tourist encouraged the presidents .	entailment
"The secretary encouraged the scientists , and the banker supported the author ."	The banker supported the author .	entailment
"The presidents slept , and the doctor recognized the managers ."	The presidents slept .	entailment
"The presidents thanked the scientists , and the students stopped the tourist ."	The presidents thanked the scientists .	entailment
"The lawyers contacted the doctors , and the actor ran ."	The lawyers contacted the doctors .	entailment
"The athletes encouraged the tourists , and the senator recommended the secretary ."	The athletes encouraged the tourists .	entailment
"The lawyer stopped the doctors , and the author introduced the actor ."	The author introduced the actor .	entailment
"The athlete advised the manager , and the judge contacted the banker ."	The athlete advised the manager .	entailment
"The tourist avoided the scientist , and the senators supported the athlete ."	The tourist avoided the scientist .	entailment
"The tourists shouted , and the professors mentioned the author ."	The tourists shouted .	entailment
"The artist waited , and the scientists mentioned the author ."	The scientists mentioned the author .	entailment
"The bankers resigned , and the artist thanked the judges ."	The bankers resigned .	entailment
"The bankers stopped the students , and the secretary avoided the professor ."	The bankers stopped the students .	entailment
"The professor waited , and the secretaries admired the senator ."	The professor waited .	entailment
"The athletes believed the tourists , and the artists slept ."	The artists slept .	entailment
"The judges resigned , and the artists believed the athletes ."	The judges resigned .	entailment
"The scientist recognized the professors , and the authors believed the actor ."	The scientist recognized the professors .	entailment
"The lawyer ran , and the students performed ."	The students performed .	entailment
"The bankers resigned , and the doctors supported the artist ."	The doctors supported the artist .	entailment
"The judge encouraged the secretaries , and the students shouted ."	The judge encouraged the secretaries .	entailment
"The president mentioned the professor , and the tourist shouted ."	The tourist shouted .	entailment
"The professors performed , and the lawyer arrived ."	The professors performed .	entailment
"The lawyer contacted the manager , and the doctor supported the professor ."	The doctor supported the professor .	entailment
"The senators stopped the secretaries , and the judges avoided the artist ."	The judges avoided the artist .	entailment
"The actor resigned , and the tourists advised the banker ."	The tourists advised the banker .	entailment
"The bankers arrived , and the author advised the athletes ."	The bankers arrived .	entailment
"The managers believed the secretary , and the lawyer admired the athlete ."	The lawyer admired the athlete .	entailment
"The doctors stopped the judges , and the actors performed ."	The doctors stopped the judges .	entailment
"The presidents recommended the banker , and the lawyer stopped the authors ."	The lawyer stopped the authors .	entailment
"The artist arrived , and the actors resigned ."	The actors resigned .	entailment
"The athletes called the author , and the doctors resigned ."	The doctors resigned .	entailment
"The professor resigned , and the presidents shouted ."	The professor resigned .	entailment
"The lawyer avoided the senators , and the student thanked the tourist ."	The lawyer avoided the senators .	entailment
"The tourists resigned , and the senator avoided the actor ."	The senator avoided the actor .	entailment
"The student introduced the secretaries , and the banker danced ."	The student introduced the secretaries .	entailment
"The authors stopped the secretaries , and the doctor advised the tourist ."	The authors stopped the secretaries .	entailment
"The secretary ran , and the tourist supported the actor ."	The tourist supported the actor .	entailment
"The managers ran , and the tourist believed the judges ."	The tourist believed the judges .	entailment
"The professor avoided the manager , and the president introduced the senators ."	The president introduced the senators .	entailment
"The student recommended the athlete , and the actor thanked the senators ."	The student recommended the athlete .	entailment
"The manager thanked the bankers , and the secretaries supported the senators ."	The manager thanked the bankers .	entailment
"The author believed the actor , and the manager encouraged the student ."	The author believed the actor .	entailment
"The student avoided the authors , and the actors contacted the lawyer ."	The student avoided the authors .	entailment
"The doctors waited , and the judge performed ."	The doctors waited .	entailment
"The judges danced , and the student arrived ."	The student arrived .	entailment
"The manager believed the tourists , and the athlete stopped the artists ."	The manager believed the tourists .	entailment
"The secretaries called the students , and the managers recognized the actors ."	The managers recognized the actors .	entailment
"The manager slept , and the scientists ran ."	The manager slept .	entailment
"The doctor waited , and the lawyer performed ."	The doctor waited .	entailment
"The banker stopped the doctor , and the actor contacted the authors ."	The actor contacted the authors .	entailment
"The actors shouted , and the athlete admired the authors ."	The actors shouted .	entailment
"The actors recommended the banker , and the secretary shouted ."	The secretary shouted .	entailment
"The professor introduced the banker , and the athlete supported the lawyer ."	The athlete supported the lawyer .	entailment
"The secretaries waited , and the judges slept ."	The judges slept .	entailment
"The secretary called the scientists , and the actors shouted ."	The secretary called the scientists .	entailment
"The tourist called the doctors , and the president introduced the actors ."	The president introduced the actors .	entailment
"The doctor encouraged the professor , and the managers recognized the tourist ."	The doctor encouraged the professor .	entailment
"The actor recommended the manager , and the lawyer ran ."	The actor recommended the manager .	entailment
"The author ran , and the actor arrived ."	The actor arrived .	entailment
"The professor contacted the athlete , and the actor resigned ."	The professor contacted the athlete .	entailment
"The author performed , and the president arrived ."	The president arrived .	entailment
"The actors mentioned the artist , and the scientists shouted ."	The scientists shouted .	entailment
"The secretary recommended the managers , and the lawyer resigned ."	The lawyer resigned .	entailment
"The athlete thanked the student , and the banker waited ."	The athlete thanked the student .	entailment
"The doctor supported the athlete , and the senators performed ."	The doctor supported the athlete .	entailment
"The scientists saw the lawyer , and the authors thanked the doctor ."	The authors thanked the doctor .	entailment
"The scientist performed , and the actor supported the author ."	The actor supported the author .	entailment
"The president slept , and the athlete admired the student ."	The athlete admired the student .	entailment
"The artists avoided the tourist , and the presidents saw the author ."	The artists avoided the tourist .	entailment
"The senator resigned , and the doctors shouted ."	The senator resigned .	entailment
"The senators called the tourist , and the professors recognized the secretaries ."	The professors recognized the secretaries .	entailment
"The artist called the student , and the actor waited ."	The artist called the student .	entailment
"The athlete arrived , and the lawyer slept ."	The lawyer slept .	entailment
"The president shouted , and the author saw the secretary ."	The president shouted .	entailment
"The secretary danced , and the actors avoided the doctors ."	The secretary danced .	entailment
"The actors thanked the artists , and the senator advised the manager ."	The senator advised the manager .	entailment
"The professor supported the banker , and the tourists called the president ."	The tourists called the president .	entailment
"The professor advised the managers , and the senator contacted the lawyers ."	The senator contacted the lawyers .	entailment
"The actor introduced the scientists , and the senator arrived ."	The senator arrived .	entailment
"The senator contacted the scientist , and the lawyers performed ."	The senator contacted the scientist .	entailment
"The scientists stopped the lawyers , and the students saw the secretaries ."	The students saw the secretaries .	entailment
"The senators believed the professor , and the judges danced ."	The senators believed the professor .	entailment
"The lawyers introduced the judge , and the professor arrived ."	The lawyers introduced the judge .	entailment
"The student waited , and the doctor arrived ."	The doctor arrived .	entailment
"The senator arrived , and the lawyers avoided the professor ."	The lawyers avoided the professor .	entailment
"The artist slept , and the senator contacted the judge ."	The artist slept .	entailment
"The students thanked the author , and the judge helped the lawyers ."	The students thanked the author .	entailment
"The athletes performed , and the doctors supported the president ."	The athletes performed .	entailment
"The students helped the actor , and the scientists ran ."	The students helped the actor .	entailment
"The professors introduced the doctor , and the manager called the athlete ."	The manager called the athlete .	entailment
"The authors shouted , and the lawyers advised the judge ."	The lawyers advised the judge .	entailment
"The judge arrived , and the scientist ran ."	The scientist ran .	entailment
"The banker advised the doctors , and the tourists encouraged the presidents ."	The banker advised the doctors .	entailment
"The artists performed , and the actors recommended the scientist ."	The artists performed .	entailment
"The manager called the senators , and the artist waited ."	The artist waited .	entailment
"The athlete mentioned the secretaries , and the senator shouted ."	The senator shouted .	entailment
"The artist contacted the tourist , and the lawyer introduced the athletes ."	The lawyer introduced the athletes .	entailment
"The doctors contacted the senators , and the actor encouraged the lawyers ."	The doctors contacted the senators .	entailment
"The doctor performed , and the secretary encouraged the professor ."	The secretary encouraged the professor .	entailment
"The actor resigned , and the athlete slept ."	The athlete slept .	entailment
"The student waited , and the managers recommended the secretary ."	The managers recommended the secretary .	entailment
"The actors thanked the student , and the artist called the lawyers ."	The actors thanked the student .	entailment
"The secretaries thanked the author , and the lawyer admired the professor ."	The secretaries thanked the author .	entailment
"The professor slept , and the judges recommended the scientists ."	The professor slept .	entailment
"The doctor performed , and the secretary arrived ."	The secretary arrived .	entailment
"The doctors shouted , and the author helped the lawyers ."	The doctors shouted .	entailment
"The manager introduced the artists , and the professor ran ."	The professor ran .	entailment
"The presidents called the judge , and the professors believed the lawyer ."	The professors believed the lawyer .	entailment
"The authors thanked the doctor , and the presidents slept ."	The presidents slept .	entailment
"The secretary helped the athlete , and the senator danced ."	The secretary helped the athlete .	entailment
"The tourists advised the secretary , and the athletes thanked the professors ."	The athletes thanked the professors .	entailment
"The banker recognized the doctor , and the athlete advised the tourists ."	The banker recognized the doctor .	entailment
"The artists recognized the authors , and the judges admired the scientist ."	The artists recognized the authors .	entailment
"The professors ran , and the managers performed ."	The managers performed .	entailment
"The authors called the judge , and the professors supported the lawyers ."	The professors supported the lawyers .	entailment
"The manager admired the athlete , and the presidents recommended the banker ."	The presidents recommended the banker .	entailment
"The banker slept , and the doctors helped the manager ."	The doctors helped the manager .	entailment
"The secretaries advised the doctor , and the scientists thanked the authors ."	The secretaries advised the doctor .	entailment
"The doctors performed , and the secretaries avoided the authors ."	The doctors performed .	entailment
"The authors supported the scientists , and the manager called the banker ."	The authors supported the scientists .	entailment
"The tourist shouted , and the artist saw the doctor ."	The artist saw the doctor .	entailment
"The scientist resigned , and the presidents ran ."	The presidents ran .	entailment
"The author recommended the doctor , and the lawyer waited ."	The lawyer waited .	entailment
"The senators resigned , and the lawyers believed the actors ."	The lawyers believed the actors .	entailment
"The secretaries avoided the manager , and the bankers waited ."	The secretaries avoided the manager .	entailment
"The professors contacted the athletes , and the senators recognized the secretaries ."	The senators recognized the secretaries .	entailment
"The doctors avoided the authors , and the lawyer admired the tourist ."	The doctors avoided the authors .	entailment
"The managers mentioned the author , and the president waited ."	The president waited .	entailment
"The tourists recommended the athletes , and the manager waited ."	The manager waited .	entailment
"The actors danced , and the lawyers thanked the presidents ."	The actors danced .	entailment
"The managers admired the lawyers , and the author thanked the banker ."	The author thanked the banker .	entailment
"The actor stopped the secretaries , and the artists contacted the lawyer ."	The artists contacted the lawyer .	entailment
"The president supported the lawyer , and the senator slept ."	The senator slept .	entailment
"The senator resigned , and the president arrived ."	The president arrived .	entailment
"The athletes mentioned the tourists , and the presidents ran ."	The presidents ran .	entailment
"The athlete slept , and the bankers called the managers ."	The bankers called the managers .	entailment
"The doctors slept , and the lawyers waited ."	The doctors slept .	entailment
"The students ran , and the scientists recommended the doctors ."	The scientists recommended the doctors .	entailment
"The scientist ran , and the lawyers performed ."	The scientist ran .	entailment
"The doctors danced , and the tourist waited ."	The tourist waited .	entailment
"The athlete performed , and the manager arrived ."	The athlete performed .	entailment
"The authors advised the judges , and the athlete contacted the lawyers ."	The athlete contacted the lawyers .	entailment
"The banker stopped the tourists , and the presidents called the athletes ."	The banker stopped the tourists .	entailment
"The scientists advised the lawyers , and the actors encouraged the tourist ."	The actors encouraged the tourist .	entailment
"The judge admired the president , and the author supported the artists ."	The author supported the artists .	entailment
"The tourists believed the doctor , and the scientist performed ."	The tourists believed the doctor .	entailment
"The senator encouraged the scientist , and the actor introduced the author ."	The senator encouraged the scientist .	entailment
"The artist slept , and the tourists introduced the professors ."	The artist slept .	entailment
"The senator thanked the president , and the athlete believed the lawyer ."	The senator thanked the president .	entailment
"The professors ran , and the lawyers performed ."	The professors ran .	entailment
"The student called the scientists , and the professors recommended the judges ."	The professors recommended the judges .	entailment
"The professor waited , and the athlete introduced the doctors ."	The athlete introduced the doctors .	entailment
"The professors supported the tourists , and the secretaries arrived ."	The secretaries arrived .	entailment
"The actors contacted the doctors , and the lawyer helped the secretaries ."	The actors contacted the doctors .	entailment
"The authors encouraged the bankers , and the doctor advised the lawyer ."	The doctor advised the lawyer .	entailment
"The judge admired the actor , and the managers shouted ."	The managers shouted .	entailment
"The author supported the senators , and the student performed ."	The author supported the senators .	entailment
"The scientist arrived , and the judge shouted ."	The scientist arrived .	entailment
"The athletes performed , and the secretary avoided the scientists ."	The athletes performed .	entailment
"The managers admired the tourists , and the actor danced ."	The managers admired the tourists .	entailment
"The lawyer waited , and the tourist mentioned the judges ."	The lawyer waited .	entailment
"The scientist performed , and the author waited ."	The author waited .	entailment
"The lawyers ran , and the artists slept ."	The lawyers ran .	entailment
"The tourists contacted the lawyer , and the managers performed ."	The managers performed .	entailment
"The judge performed , and the athlete slept ."	The athlete slept .	entailment
"The president thanked the senators , and the tourist shouted ."	The president thanked the senators .	entailment
"The managers admired the students , and the secretary resigned ."	The managers admired the students .	entailment
"The artists introduced the secretary , and the author stopped the students ."	The author stopped the students .	entailment
"The artist danced , and the secretary encouraged the author ."	The secretary encouraged the author .	entailment
"The artists encouraged the presidents , and the secretaries shouted ."	The secretaries shouted .	entailment
"The lawyers thanked the judges , and the professors recognized the doctors ."	The lawyers thanked the judges .	entailment
"The students contacted the presidents , and the judge recognized the author ."	The judge recognized the author .	entailment
"The authors arrived , and the presidents supported the manager ."	The presidents supported the manager .	entailment
"The author waited , and the doctors stopped the scientist ."	The doctors stopped the scientist .	entailment
"The tourists admired the judges , and the actor danced ."	The tourists admired the judges .	entailment
"The senators saw the president , and the scientists mentioned the professor ."	The senators saw the president .	entailment
"The secretaries danced , and the doctor introduced the students ."	The doctor introduced the students .	entailment
"The senators believed the bankers , and the athlete admired the doctors ."	The senators believed the bankers .	entailment
"The tourists recommended the scientists , and the managers ran ."	The tourists recommended the scientists .	entailment
"The scientists avoided the doctors , and the actor waited ."	The scientists avoided the doctors .	entailment
"The scientists advised the judge , and the senator believed the professor ."	The scientists advised the judge .	entailment
"The secretary performed , and the professor danced ."	The secretary performed .	entailment
"The lawyers danced , and the secretary saw the doctor ."	The secretary saw the doctor .	entailment
"The senators advised the lawyers , and the secretaries danced ."	The secretaries danced .	entailment
"The judge stopped the athlete , and the president danced ."	The president danced .	entailment
"The actors recommended the senator , and the bankers mentioned the professor ."	The bankers mentioned the professor .	entailment
"The students waited , and the lawyer recognized the artist ."	The students waited .	entailment
"The professor contacted the athletes , and the tourist admired the author ."	The professor contacted the athletes .	entailment
"The managers recommended the doctors , and the athlete avoided the judge ."	The managers recommended the doctors .	entailment
"The tourists advised the actor , and the presidents admired the athletes ."	The presidents admired the athletes .	entailment
"The president waited , and the doctor shouted ."	The president waited .	entailment
"The scientists believed the authors , and the senator stopped the doctor ."	The scientists believed the authors .	entailment
"The president performed , and the lawyer stopped the managers ."	The president performed .	entailment
"The lawyers believed the artist , and the professors waited ."	The lawyers believed the artist .	entailment
"The students mentioned the manager , and the banker believed the professors ."	The banker believed the professors .	entailment
"The authors thanked the lawyer , and the judges danced ."	The judges danced .	entailment
"The tourists introduced the senator , and the professor resigned ."	The professor resigned .	entailment
"The tourist mentioned the lawyers , and the students performed ."	The students performed .	entailment
"The scientist called the author , and the actor ran ."	The scientist called the author .	entailment
"The artist arrived , and the professors encouraged the scientists ."	The professors encouraged the scientists .	entailment
"The author advised the managers , and the senator slept ."	The author advised the managers .	entailment
"The athletes performed , and the author avoided the artist ."	The athletes performed .	entailment
"The judge admired the tourists , and the banker shouted ."	The banker shouted .	entailment
"The secretaries waited , and the tourists mentioned the senator ."	The secretaries waited .	entailment
"The actors saw the judges , and the secretaries resigned ."	The actors saw the judges .	entailment
"The senator ran , and the lawyers mentioned the actor ."	The senator ran .	entailment
"The doctors performed , and the athletes avoided the professor ."	The athletes avoided the professor .	entailment
"The presidents danced , and the secretaries thanked the artists ."	The presidents danced .	entailment
"The managers introduced the judge , and the scientist supported the doctor ."	The managers introduced the judge .	entailment
"The senator introduced the doctor , and the secretaries encouraged the tourists ."	The secretaries encouraged the tourists .	entailment
"The senator advised the athletes , and the students danced ."	The students danced .	entailment
"The secretary danced , and the artists mentioned the judges ."	The artists mentioned the judges .	entailment
"The bankers avoided the manager , and the actors ran ."	The bankers avoided the manager .	entailment
"The doctors waited , and the managers shouted ."	The doctors waited .	entailment
"The professor called the doctors , and the managers danced ."	The managers danced .	entailment
"The judges recommended the senators , and the actor danced ."	The actor danced .	entailment
"The doctors resigned , and the artists waited ."	The doctors resigned .	entailment
"The banker recognized the athletes , and the manager recommended the judge ."	The banker recognized the athletes .	entailment
"The secretaries helped the managers , and the judge slept ."	The secretaries helped the managers .	entailment
"The manager slept , and the tourist helped the professor ."	The manager slept .	entailment
"The doctor shouted , and the bankers believed the tourist ."	The doctor shouted .	entailment
"The banker resigned , and the president shouted ."	The president shouted .	entailment
"The senators arrived , and the tourist slept ."	The tourist slept .	entailment
"The actors danced , and the presidents encouraged the professor ."	The presidents encouraged the professor .	entailment
"The managers called the students , and the author performed ."	The managers called the students .	entailment
"The lawyer avoided the senator , and the students ran ."	The students ran .	entailment
"The lawyer mentioned the scientist , and the author contacted the senator ."	The author contacted the senator .	entailment
"The secretary danced , and the artist advised the managers ."	The secretary danced .	entailment
"The athlete admired the tourist , and the doctor resigned ."	The doctor resigned .	entailment
"The tourists admired the lawyer , and the actor recommended the doctor ."	The tourists admired the lawyer .	entailment
"The judges advised the artist , and the bankers saw the authors ."	The judges advised the artist .	entailment
"The judge introduced the students , and the managers contacted the president ."	The judge introduced the students .	entailment
"The student waited , and the artist called the actor ."	The student waited .	entailment
"The judge avoided the presidents , and the doctors recommended the professors ."	The doctors recommended the professors .	entailment
"The senators recognized the tourists , and the president saw the athlete ."	The senators recognized the tourists .	entailment
"The managers arrived , and the professors danced ."	The managers arrived .	entailment
"The actors avoided the tourists , and the lawyer stopped the senators ."	The lawyer stopped the senators .	entailment
"The senator introduced the managers , and the lawyer recommended the authors ."	The lawyer recommended the authors .	entailment
"The lawyer recognized the judges , and the senator avoided the bankers ."	The lawyer recognized the judges .	entailment
"The managers waited , and the actors thanked the student ."	The managers waited .	entailment
"The scientist arrived , and the student recommended the lawyer ."	The student recommended the lawyer .	entailment
"The tourist saw the lawyer , and the professor recommended the president ."	The professor recommended the president .	entailment
"The students shouted , and the athlete recommended the presidents ."	The students shouted .	entailment
"The actor helped the manager , and the scientists recommended the authors ."	The actor helped the manager .	entailment
"The managers performed , and the banker arrived ."	The managers performed .	entailment
"The professor recognized the banker , and the artists avoided the actors ."	The artists avoided the actors .	entailment
"The senator saw the artists , and the athletes advised the student ."	The athletes advised the student .	entailment
"The students avoided the bankers , and the managers supported the artist ."	The students avoided the bankers .	entailment
"The managers supported the bankers , and the students introduced the author ."	The students introduced the author .	entailment
"The professor performed , and the bankers contacted the scientists ."	The professor performed .	entailment
"The president resigned , and the professors mentioned the lawyer ."	The president resigned .	entailment
"The senators believed the actor , and the judge admired the authors ."	The senators believed the actor .	entailment
"The scientists thanked the senator , and the student advised the tourists ."	The student advised the tourists .	entailment
"The author encouraged the lawyers , and the student introduced the senators ."	The student introduced the senators .	entailment
"The artists waited , and the manager stopped the scientists ."	The artists waited .	entailment
"The senators supported the lawyer , and the banker arrived ."	The senators supported the lawyer .	entailment
"The presidents danced , and the doctors helped the managers ."	The presidents danced .	entailment
"The president waited , and the artist shouted ."	The president waited .	entailment
"The athletes helped the scientists , and the senators danced ."	The athletes helped the scientists .	entailment
"The bankers ran , and the senator mentioned the managers ."	The senator mentioned the managers .	entailment
"The lawyer saw the students , and the doctor believed the president ."	The doctor believed the president .	entailment
"The senator introduced the actors , and the president called the lawyers ."	The senator introduced the actors .	entailment
"The senator called the tourist , and the presidents stopped the doctor ."	The presidents stopped the doctor .	entailment
"The scientist helped the students , and the authors believed the secretaries ."	The authors believed the secretaries .	entailment
"The presidents helped the secretaries , and the student danced ."	The student danced .	entailment
"The judge ran , and the students admired the president ."	The students admired the president .	entailment
"The judge ran , and the presidents stopped the senators ."	The presidents stopped the senators .	entailment
"The actor resigned , and the authors recommended the president ."	The authors recommended the president .	entailment
"The bankers mentioned the authors , and the secretary recommended the artist ."	The secretary recommended the artist .	entailment
"The senators resigned , and the artist believed the lawyers ."	The senators resigned .	entailment
"The scientist shouted , and the tourists supported the athlete ."	The scientist shouted .	entailment
"The actors recognized the tourist , and the student thanked the secretaries ."	The student thanked the secretaries .	entailment
"The judge mentioned the students , and the doctor danced ."	The judge mentioned the students .	entailment
"The professors avoided the author , and the bankers advised the artist ."	The professors avoided the author .	entailment
"The students admired the doctors , and the tourist performed ."	The tourist performed .	entailment
"The scientist recommended the doctor , and the tourist contacted the actor ."	The scientist recommended the doctor .	entailment
"The tourist believed the student , and the actor resigned ."	The tourist believed the student .	entailment
"The students shouted , and the athletes saw the senators ."	The athletes saw the senators .	entailment
"The artist encouraged the judges , and the doctors performed ."	The artist encouraged the judges .	entailment
"The secretary slept , and the judge saw the athletes ."	The judge saw the athletes .	entailment
"The artists mentioned the author , and the professors recognized the banker ."	The artists mentioned the author .	entailment
"The doctors shouted , and the authors saw the scientists ."	The authors saw the scientists .	entailment
"The judges saw the manager , and the actor recognized the senators ."	The judges saw the manager .	entailment
"The artist arrived , and the actor waited ."	The actor waited .	entailment
"The professor slept , and the senator helped the judges ."	The professor slept .	entailment
"The athlete slept , and the senator admired the managers ."	The athlete slept .	entailment
"The presidents introduced the judge , and the author saw the scientist ."	The presidents introduced the judge .	entailment
"The lawyer slept , and the scientist advised the artist ."	The lawyer slept .	entailment
"The bankers called the student , and the presidents recommended the secretaries ."	The presidents recommended the secretaries .	entailment
"The lawyer encouraged the athletes , and the artist arrived ."	The artist arrived .	entailment
"The judge waited , and the secretary contacted the banker ."	The secretary contacted the banker .	entailment
"The secretaries believed the president , and the actors danced ."	The secretaries believed the president .	entailment
"The actors advised the secretaries , and the tourists performed ."	The actors advised the secretaries .	entailment
"The artist stopped the student , and the president mentioned the senators ."	The president mentioned the senators .	entailment
"The secretary supported the athlete , and the presidents believed the authors ."	The secretary supported the athlete .	entailment
"The banker arrived , and the doctors supported the tourist ."	The doctors supported the tourist .	entailment
"The senator saw the author , and the president ran ."	The senator saw the author .	entailment
"The students believed the president , and the lawyer stopped the doctors ."	The students believed the president .	entailment
"The doctors recommended the athlete , and the students mentioned the lawyer ."	The doctors recommended the athlete .	entailment
"The artists introduced the senators , and the judges recommended the tourist ."	The judges recommended the tourist .	entailment
"The actor advised the secretary , and the professor introduced the author ."	The professor introduced the author .	entailment
"The scientists thanked the manager , and the bankers waited ."	The scientists thanked the manager .	entailment
"The judges resigned , and the secretaries recommended the tourists ."	The secretaries recommended the tourists .	entailment
"The actor mentioned the secretary , and the lawyers shouted ."	The lawyers shouted .	entailment
"The managers slept , and the authors thanked the senators ."	The authors thanked the senators .	entailment
"The doctor thanked the athlete , and the senator believed the secretaries ."	The senator believed the secretaries .	entailment
"The lawyer stopped the presidents , and the banker recognized the student ."	The lawyer stopped the presidents .	entailment
"The senator encouraged the scientist , and the manager performed ."	The senator encouraged the scientist .	entailment
"The scientists waited , and the actors shouted ."	The actors shouted .	entailment
"The actors resigned , and the lawyers waited ."	The actors resigned .	entailment
"The tourist thanked the professors , and the senator slept ."	The senator slept .	entailment
"The secretaries saw the manager , and the scientist helped the banker ."	The secretaries saw the manager .	entailment
"The scientists supported the actor , and the student performed ."	The student performed .	entailment
"The artist saw the secretaries , and the lawyer thanked the judge ."	The lawyer thanked the judge .	entailment
"The scientists arrived , and the secretary ran ."	The secretary ran .	entailment
"The president called the manager , and the actors shouted ."	The actors shouted .	entailment
"The students supported the author , and the athlete mentioned the tourist ."	The students supported the author .	entailment
"The scientists introduced the president , and the artist stopped the banker ."	The scientists introduced the president .	entailment
"The secretaries danced , and the tourists saw the doctor ."	The secretaries danced .	entailment
"The judge encouraged the bankers , and the secretary recognized the athletes ."	The judge encouraged the bankers .	entailment
"The tourist arrived , and the actor shouted ."	The actor shouted .	entailment
"The actors performed , and the doctor advised the bankers ."	The doctor advised the bankers .	entailment
"The artists shouted , and the president saw the athletes ."	The artists shouted .	entailment
"The actor ran , and the artists saw the students ."	The actor ran .	entailment
"The bankers recognized the student , and the doctor danced ."	The doctor danced .	entailment
"The secretary stopped the actors , and the authors introduced the judges ."	The secretary stopped the actors .	entailment
"The authors ran , and the senators resigned ."	The authors ran .	entailment
"The professor introduced the athlete , and the authors waited ."	The authors waited .	entailment
"The authors avoided the judge , and the professor slept ."	The professor slept .	entailment
"The bankers ran , and the tourists helped the doctor ."	The bankers ran .	entailment
"The artist shouted , and the student mentioned the senator ."	The student mentioned the senator .	entailment
"The banker believed the tourist , and the students saw the president ."	The banker believed the tourist .	entailment
"The students called the professor , and the doctor ran ."	The doctor ran .	entailment
"The professors supported the senators , and the judges helped the actor ."	The professors supported the senators .	entailment
"The scientists danced , and the managers recommended the student ."	The managers recommended the student .	entailment
"The artists advised the lawyer , and the doctor danced ."	The doctor danced .	entailment
"The judges waited , and the professor encouraged the secretary ."	The professor encouraged the secretary .	entailment
"The tourist believed the banker , and the scientist supported the author ."	The tourist believed the banker .	entailment
"The secretaries avoided the students , and the actors saw the scientist ."	The secretaries avoided the students .	entailment
"The lawyers thanked the professors , and the author recognized the doctors ."	The author recognized the doctors .	entailment
"The doctor introduced the judge , and the athletes slept ."	The athletes slept .	entailment
"The students recognized the artists , and the doctor resigned ."	The students recognized the artists .	entailment
"The scientist introduced the senator , and the bankers ran ."	The scientist introduced the senator .	entailment
"The actors advised the athletes , and the scientist believed the student ."	The actors advised the athletes .	entailment
"The tourist saw the athletes , and the senators believed the actors ."	The tourist saw the athletes .	entailment
"The senator contacted the professors , and the banker mentioned the doctors ."	The banker mentioned the doctors .	entailment
"The secretary called the judges , and the authors avoided the scientists ."	The authors avoided the scientists .	entailment
"The artists ran , and the athletes advised the secretary ."	The athletes advised the secretary .	entailment
"The students supported the managers , and the senator danced ."	The students supported the managers .	entailment
"The scientists mentioned the actor , and the manager encouraged the secretaries ."	The manager encouraged the secretaries .	entailment
"The scientist resigned , and the secretary advised the bankers ."	The secretary advised the bankers .	entailment
"The banker waited , and the scientist admired the professor ."	The banker waited .	entailment
"The athlete waited , and the lawyers recognized the secretaries ."	The lawyers recognized the secretaries .	entailment
"The tourists shouted , and the professor advised the author ."	The professor advised the author .	entailment
"The artist shouted , and the tourist resigned ."	The artist shouted .	entailment
"The author waited , and the professor ran ."	The author waited .	entailment
"The author shouted , and the doctors slept ."	The doctors slept .	entailment
"The professors ran , and the actor mentioned the managers ."	The professors ran .	entailment
"The managers helped the senator , and the athlete recommended the actor ."	The athlete recommended the actor .	entailment
"The tourists stopped the presidents , and the authors supported the lawyers ."	The authors supported the lawyers .	entailment
"The senators believed the manager , and the actors arrived ."	The actors arrived .	entailment
"The secretary arrived , and the authors saw the students ."	The authors saw the students .	entailment
"The professors arrived , and the presidents thanked the tourists ."	The professors arrived .	entailment
"The secretaries danced , and the student believed the authors ."	The secretaries danced .	entailment
"The professor slept , and the managers contacted the lawyer ."	The professor slept .	entailment
"The scientist avoided the athletes , and the students supported the artists ."	The students supported the artists .	entailment
"The doctor admired the senators , and the secretaries helped the manager ."	The secretaries helped the manager .	entailment
"The presidents recognized the lawyer , and the tourists believed the secretary ."	The tourists believed the secretary .	entailment
"The secretary called the banker , and the authors waited ."	The authors waited .	entailment
"The banker saw the managers , and the students waited ."	The banker saw the managers .	entailment
"The lawyers supported the tourists , and the scientist shouted ."	The scientist shouted .	entailment
"The artist resigned , and the judges recommended the presidents ."	The judges recommended the presidents .	entailment
"The students saw the professor , and the scientists stopped the bankers ."	The scientists stopped the bankers .	entailment
"The author introduced the senator , and the athletes shouted ."	The athletes shouted .	entailment
"The doctor resigned , and the banker recommended the actor ."	The banker recommended the actor .	entailment
"The athlete performed , and the students believed the president ."	The athlete performed .	entailment
"The actors introduced the professors , and the banker performed ."	The banker performed .	entailment
"The presidents helped the actors , and the athlete advised the senators ."	The athlete advised the senators .	entailment
"The scientists thanked the tourist , and the actor believed the athlete ."	The actor believed the athlete .	entailment
"The actor called the lawyer , and the doctors advised the artist ."	The actor called the lawyer .	entailment
"The lawyers arrived , and the actors admired the athletes ."	The lawyers arrived .	entailment
"The tourists resigned , and the author stopped the secretary ."	The author stopped the secretary .	entailment
"The secretary danced , and the manager supported the president ."	The secretary danced .	entailment
"The doctor recognized the senators , and the lawyer performed ."	The lawyer performed .	entailment
"The doctor resigned , and the presidents thanked the tourists ."	The doctor resigned .	entailment
"The professor supported the athlete , and the artist danced ."	The artist danced .	entailment
"The doctors helped the president , and the manager saw the actor ."	The manager saw the actor .	entailment
"The author recommended the judges , and the managers arrived ."	The managers arrived .	entailment
"The professor helped the actor , and the secretary thanked the president ."	The secretary thanked the president .	entailment
"The senator encouraged the bankers , and the doctor shouted ."	The doctor shouted .	entailment
"The lawyer introduced the tourists , and the senator advised the scientists ."	The senator advised the scientists .	entailment
"The students recognized the judges , and the actor arrived ."	The actor arrived .	entailment
"The banker introduced the lawyer , and the author recognized the doctor ."	The banker introduced the lawyer .	entailment
"The actor performed , and the scientists supported the judges ."	The actor performed .	entailment
"The tourist recognized the athlete , and the managers avoided the secretary ."	The tourist recognized the athlete .	entailment
"The scientist recognized the artists , and the secretaries mentioned the actor ."	The secretaries mentioned the actor .	entailment
"The athletes performed , and the senators introduced the president ."	The athletes performed .	entailment
"The professors saw the actors , and the bankers encouraged the tourists ."	The bankers encouraged the tourists .	entailment
"The president saw the author , and the secretary supported the lawyer ."	The secretary supported the lawyer .	entailment
"The secretary avoided the scientist , and the doctors supported the students ."	The secretary avoided the scientist .	entailment
"The tourists mentioned the scientists , and the artist arrived ."	The artist arrived .	entailment
"The secretary recognized the doctor , and the scientists believed the student ."	The secretary recognized the doctor .	entailment
"The lawyer arrived , and the student admired the senator ."	The student admired the senator .	entailment
"The president mentioned the artists , and the senator advised the student ."	The senator advised the student .	entailment
"The president supported the scientists , and the athlete helped the lawyers ."	The athlete helped the lawyers .	entailment
"The students encouraged the actor , and the doctors waited ."	The students encouraged the actor .	entailment
"The artist thanked the actors , and the judges avoided the doctors ."	The judges avoided the doctors .	entailment
"The actor performed , and the manager mentioned the athlete ."	The manager mentioned the athlete .	entailment
"The artists called the scientists , and the tourist encouraged the author ."	The artists called the scientists .	entailment
"The senator stopped the actor , and the author resigned ."	The senator stopped the actor .	entailment
"The athletes ran , and the bankers admired the tourists ."	The bankers admired the tourists .	entailment
"The tourist admired the senator , and the scientist shouted ."	The scientist shouted .	entailment
"The judges advised the tourist , and the presidents slept ."	The judges advised the tourist .	entailment
"The professors believed the artist , and the managers recognized the presidents ."	The managers recognized the presidents .	entailment
"The judge performed , and the student called the manager ."	The judge performed .	entailment
"The students waited , and the actors slept ."	The students waited .	entailment
"The manager recommended the bankers , and the artist ran ."	The manager recommended the bankers .	entailment
"The senators slept , and the scientist contacted the judge ."	The scientist contacted the judge .	entailment
"The president believed the scientists , and the students contacted the banker ."	The president believed the scientists .	entailment
"The secretary called the artist , and the scientists waited ."	The scientists waited .	entailment
"The lawyer thanked the professors , and the actor waited ."	The lawyer thanked the professors .	entailment
"The president saw the tourists , and the doctor called the professor ."	The president saw the tourists .	entailment
"The actor arrived , and the professor encouraged the lawyer ."	The professor encouraged the lawyer .	entailment
"The secretaries slept , and the professor performed ."	The professor performed .	entailment
"The banker avoided the tourists , and the athlete performed ."	The athlete performed .	entailment
"The artist helped the students , and the lawyer avoided the author ."	The lawyer avoided the author .	entailment
"The student recommended the lawyers , and the professors slept ."	The student recommended the lawyers .	entailment
"The bankers believed the scientists , and the professor shouted ."	The professor shouted .	entailment
"The president supported the lawyer , and the judges stopped the managers ."	The president supported the lawyer .	entailment
"The secretaries called the tourist , and the judge danced ."	The secretaries called the tourist .	entailment
"The secretary resigned , and the artist supported the actor ."	The secretary resigned .	entailment
"The president slept , and the professor resigned ."	The president slept .	entailment
"The senator supported the scientists , and the author resigned ."	The senator supported the scientists .	entailment
"The lawyers waited , and the secretaries advised the scientists ."	The secretaries advised the scientists .	entailment
"The tourist saw the scientist , and the professor helped the artist ."	The professor helped the artist .	entailment
"The doctor waited , and the artists resigned ."	The doctor waited .	entailment
"The secretaries waited , and the doctors helped the presidents ."	The secretaries waited .	entailment
"The tourists supported the senator , and the authors introduced the banker ."	The authors introduced the banker .	entailment
"The actor saw the student , and the artist avoided the tourist ."	The artist avoided the tourist .	entailment
"The actor performed , and the student ran ."	The actor performed .	entailment
"The lawyers ran , and the scientist avoided the students ."	The scientist avoided the students .	entailment
"The secretaries helped the judge , and the artist thanked the author ."	The secretaries helped the judge .	entailment
"The tourist waited , and the scientists danced ."	The scientists danced .	entailment
"The tourist arrived , and the authors advised the professors ."	The tourist arrived .	entailment
"The athlete admired the lawyers , and the bankers helped the manager ."	The bankers helped the manager .	entailment
"The senators recognized the doctor , and the scientist slept ."	The senators recognized the doctor .	entailment
"The professors shouted , and the senator ran ."	The senator ran .	entailment
"The bankers believed the secretaries , and the author supported the senator ."	The bankers believed the secretaries .	entailment
"The artists advised the managers , and the presidents introduced the judges ."	The presidents introduced the judges .	entailment
"The actor shouted , and the student introduced the manager ."	The actor shouted .	entailment
"The judge arrived , and the artist advised the tourists ."	The judge arrived .	entailment
"The presidents arrived , and the lawyers danced ."	The lawyers danced .	entailment
"The actor called the authors , and the scientist resigned ."	The scientist resigned .	entailment
"The bankers introduced the secretaries , and the tourists helped the lawyer ."	The tourists helped the lawyer .	entailment
"The lawyer avoided the artist , and the tourists helped the bankers ."	The tourists helped the bankers .	entailment
"The senators stopped the author , and the artist performed ."	The senators stopped the author .	entailment
"The presidents thanked the tourists , and the artists waited ."	The artists waited .	entailment
"The presidents encouraged the professor , and the judges danced ."	The presidents encouraged the professor .	entailment
"The lawyer waited , and the judge mentioned the athlete ."	The judge mentioned the athlete .	entailment
"The author slept , and the students advised the president ."	The author slept .	entailment
"The judges avoided the artist , and the banker supported the students ."	The banker supported the students .	entailment
"The tourist believed the banker , and the managers performed ."	The tourist believed the banker .	entailment
"The athletes mentioned the tourists , and the senators called the presidents ."	The athletes mentioned the tourists .	entailment
"The secretaries called the athlete , and the tourist stopped the actors ."	The tourist stopped the actors .	entailment
"The secretaries recommended the senator , and the presidents ran ."	The secretaries recommended the senator .	entailment
"The senators mentioned the manager , and the secretary arrived ."	The secretary arrived .	entailment
"The tourists ran , and the actors encouraged the authors ."	The tourists ran .	entailment
"The actors danced , and the president admired the athletes ."	The president admired the athletes .	entailment
"The presidents supported the author , and the scientist performed ."	The presidents supported the author .	entailment
"The presidents recognized the scientist , and the athletes performed ."	The athletes performed .	entailment
"The tourist believed the senators , and the doctors waited ."	The doctors waited .	entailment
"The author shouted , and the professors waited ."	The professors waited .	entailment
"The lawyers thanked the scientist , and the athletes performed ."	The athletes performed .	entailment
"The student shouted , and the actors recommended the banker ."	The actors recommended the banker .	entailment
"The doctors recognized the artist , and the authors admired the senators ."	The doctors recognized the artist .	entailment
"The actor ran , and the author admired the presidents ."	The actor ran .	entailment
"The judge recognized the senator , and the scientist arrived ."	The scientist arrived .	entailment
"The artists waited , and the author danced ."	The author danced .	entailment
"The artist recommended the lawyers , and the student called the manager ."	The student called the manager .	entailment
"The senators arrived , and the actor ran ."	The actor ran .	entailment
"The doctor advised the artist , and the president believed the bankers ."	The president believed the bankers .	entailment
"The secretary resigned , and the senator saw the student ."	The secretary resigned .	entailment
"The artist waited , and the secretary stopped the students ."	The secretary stopped the students .	entailment
"The doctor called the professor , and the scientists waited ."	The doctor called the professor .	entailment
"The actor encouraged the doctors , and the judges avoided the secretary ."	The actor encouraged the doctors .	entailment
"The managers supported the lawyers , and the artists helped the senators ."	The artists helped the senators .	entailment
"The presidents stopped the students , and the tourist shouted ."	The presidents stopped the students .	entailment
"The actor slept , and the tourist danced ."	The tourist danced .	entailment
"The tourist arrived , and the judges performed ."	The judges performed .	entailment
"The actors advised the tourists , and the student shouted ."	The student shouted .	entailment
"The authors saw the lawyer , and the judge thanked the scientists ."	The judge thanked the scientists .	entailment
"The actors waited , and the judges performed ."	The judges performed .	entailment
"The actors avoided the tourists , and the athlete called the senators ."	The athlete called the senators .	entailment
"The judges advised the banker , and the lawyer thanked the author ."	The judges advised the banker .	entailment
"The professor introduced the banker , and the lawyer recommended the secretaries ."	The professor introduced the banker .	entailment
"The senator recognized the tourist , and the bankers performed ."	The bankers performed .	entailment
"The tourists helped the presidents , and the lawyers avoided the artists ."	The lawyers avoided the artists .	entailment
"The lawyer supported the judge , and the artist saw the banker ."	The artist saw the banker .	entailment
"The banker advised the presidents , and the judge supported the actor ."	The judge supported the actor .	entailment
"The tourist encouraged the president , and the senators danced ."	The tourist encouraged the president .	entailment
"The actors thanked the bankers , and the authors contacted the secretaries ."	The actors thanked the bankers .	entailment
"The artists encouraged the tourists , and the judges avoided the athletes ."	The artists encouraged the tourists .	entailment
"The judges ran , and the athletes resigned ."	The athletes resigned .	entailment
"The lawyer supported the secretaries , and the author avoided the scientists ."	The author avoided the scientists .	entailment
"The secretaries called the lawyers , and the athlete danced ."	The athlete danced .	entailment
"The scientist danced , and the professors encouraged the athletes ."	The professors encouraged the athletes .	entailment
"The president stopped the managers , and the doctor thanked the lawyer ."	The doctor thanked the lawyer .	entailment
"The students saw the authors , and the senators admired the lawyer ."	The senators admired the lawyer .	entailment
"The manager waited , and the professors ran ."	The professors ran .	entailment
"The doctors recognized the judges , and the senator arrived ."	The doctors recognized the judges .	entailment
"The bankers recognized the tourist , and the scientist helped the lawyer ."	The scientist helped the lawyer .	entailment
"The actors encouraged the artist , and the scientist supported the president ."	The scientist supported the president .	entailment
"The professors slept , and the bankers recommended the artist ."	The professors slept .	entailment
"The professors encouraged the students , and the author saw the actor ."	The author saw the actor .	entailment
"The artists advised the actor , and the banker admired the senators ."	The banker admired the senators .	entailment
"The athlete recognized the senator , and the lawyers danced ."	The lawyers danced .	entailment
"The bankers encouraged the professor , and the senators helped the doctors ."	The bankers encouraged the professor .	entailment
"The scientists shouted , and the senator thanked the students ."	The scientists shouted .	entailment
"The judges believed the professors , and the lawyers waited ."	The lawyers waited .	entailment
"The presidents supported the bankers , and the senators encouraged the scientists ."	The senators encouraged the scientists .	entailment
"The athletes waited , and the judges ran ."	The judges ran .	entailment
"The tourists advised the athlete , and the authors introduced the actor ."	The authors introduced the actor .	entailment
"The student helped the bankers , and the lawyers believed the secretary ."	The lawyers believed the secretary .	entailment
"The tourists ran , and the actors contacted the scientists ."	The tourists ran .	entailment
"The professors believed the tourist , and the student supported the doctor ."	The student supported the doctor .	entailment
"The managers shouted , and the students arrived ."	The managers shouted .	entailment
"The scientists encouraged the doctor , and the author danced ."	The scientists encouraged the doctor .	entailment
"The tourist admired the doctor , and the scientist ran ."	The tourist admired the doctor .	entailment
"The artist arrived , and the bankers avoided the judge ."	The artist arrived .	entailment
"The president shouted , and the artist thanked the banker ."	The artist thanked the banker .	entailment
"The scientist supported the senator , and the author shouted ."	The scientist supported the senator .	entailment
"The students performed , and the banker shouted ."	The students performed .	entailment
"The judges arrived , and the author slept ."	The judges arrived .	entailment
"The judges introduced the secretaries , and the presidents shouted ."	The presidents shouted .	entailment
"The athletes stopped the tourist , and the secretaries mentioned the lawyers ."	The athletes stopped the tourist .	entailment
"The presidents saw the professors , and the secretary shouted ."	The presidents saw the professors .	entailment
"The secretaries contacted the author , and the doctors thanked the lawyers ."	The doctors thanked the lawyers .	entailment
"The banker introduced the scientist , and the student mentioned the senators ."	The banker introduced the scientist .	entailment
"The doctor encouraged the secretaries , and the author arrived ."	The doctor encouraged the secretaries .	entailment
"The tourists slept , and the senator resigned ."	The tourists slept .	entailment
"The doctor recommended the student , and the president recognized the athlete ."	The president recognized the athlete .	entailment
"The scientist admired the secretaries , and the tourists performed ."	The scientist admired the secretaries .	entailment
"The lawyers waited , and the doctors encouraged the athlete ."	The lawyers waited .	entailment
"The senator advised the author , and the bankers waited ."	The bankers waited .	entailment
"The actor thanked the students , and the artist ran ."	The artist ran .	entailment
"The banker called the artist , and the athlete arrived ."	The banker called the artist .	entailment
"The artist waited , and the judge stopped the secretary ."	The judge stopped the secretary .	entailment
"The professors supported the presidents , and the actors danced ."	The professors supported the presidents .	entailment
"The bankers ran , and the senators admired the professors ."	The senators admired the professors .	entailment
"The athlete called the doctor , and the artists ran ."	The artists ran .	entailment
"The athlete performed , and the professor believed the bankers ."	The athlete performed .	entailment
"The tourist danced , and the professors slept ."	The professors slept .	entailment
"The senators encouraged the authors , and the bankers resigned ."	The bankers resigned .	entailment
"The secretary believed the athletes , and the author arrived ."	The secretary believed the athletes .	entailment
"The managers resigned , and the senator called the actors ."	The managers resigned .	entailment
"The senator saw the secretary , and the lawyers shouted ."	The senator saw the secretary .	entailment
"The artists avoided the president , and the students introduced the doctor ."	The artists avoided the president .	entailment
"The bankers called the athlete , and the student saw the presidents ."	The student saw the presidents .	entailment
"The artists saw the bankers , and the professors shouted ."	The professors shouted .	entailment
"The banker called the actor , and the professor mentioned the scientist ."	The professor mentioned the scientist .	entailment
"The actor slept , and the athlete believed the scientist ."	The athlete believed the scientist .	entailment
"The professors supported the actors , and the president encouraged the athletes ."	The professors supported the actors .	entailment
"The senators believed the scientists , and the secretary waited ."	The senators believed the scientists .	entailment
"The actor called the student , and the author stopped the presidents ."	The author stopped the presidents .	entailment
"The doctor helped the senators , and the president introduced the manager ."	The doctor helped the senators .	entailment
"The scientists resigned , and the manager ran ."	The manager ran .	entailment
"The athletes believed the tourist , and the artist waited ."	The artist waited .	entailment
"The judges arrived , and the doctor performed ."	The doctor performed .	entailment
"The tourist recommended the presidents , and the students waited ."	The students waited .	entailment
"The banker slept , and the senators introduced the athlete ."	The senators introduced the athlete .	entailment
"The artist helped the managers , and the banker shouted ."	The artist helped the managers .	entailment
"The president recommended the manager , and the tourist introduced the banker ."	The tourist introduced the banker .	entailment
"The senator shouted , and the manager thanked the president ."	The senator shouted .	entailment
"The lawyers ran , and the author arrived ."	The author arrived .	entailment
"The doctor advised the president , and the scientist believed the artist ."	The doctor advised the president .	entailment
"The author slept , and the manager thanked the athlete ."	The author slept .	entailment
"The senators avoided the secretary , and the tourist arrived ."	The tourist arrived .	entailment
"The doctor admired the athlete , and the student recommended the scientists ."	The student recommended the scientists .	entailment
"The senators recognized the manager , and the doctors waited ."	The doctors waited .	entailment
"The athlete resigned , and the actor saw the senator ."	The athlete resigned .	entailment
"The secretary believed the scientists , and the manager encouraged the authors ."	The manager encouraged the authors .	entailment
"The actor shouted , and the doctor recognized the artist ."	The actor shouted .	entailment
"The professors recommended the manager , and the author contacted the tourist ."	The professors recommended the manager .	entailment
"The president arrived , and the professor performed ."	The president arrived .	entailment
"The lawyers saw the banker , and the actors called the doctor ."	The lawyers saw the banker .	entailment
"The senators recommended the artists , and the professors slept ."	The senators recommended the artists .	entailment
"The bankers contacted the professor , and the artist performed ."	The bankers contacted the professor .	entailment
"The athletes believed the managers , and the judges waited ."	The athletes believed the managers .	entailment
"The doctor introduced the judge , and the author waited ."	The doctor introduced the judge .	entailment
"The author slept , and the students called the artists ."	The students called the artists .	entailment
"The president advised the managers , and the secretaries helped the authors ."	The secretaries helped the authors .	entailment
"The tourists resigned , and the lawyers avoided the athlete ."	The tourists resigned .	entailment
"The student contacted the professor , and the lawyer helped the doctor ."	The lawyer helped the doctor .	entailment
"The scientists shouted , and the judge advised the actors ."	The judge advised the actors .	entailment
"The tourist supported the athlete , and the lawyers resigned ."	The tourist supported the athlete .	entailment
"The managers ran , and the president saw the artist ."	The president saw the artist .	entailment
"The actor advised the banker , and the judges supported the lawyers ."	The judges supported the lawyers .	entailment
"The actor waited , and the secretary introduced the senator ."	The actor waited .	entailment
"The doctor believed the student , and the banker advised the professors ."	The banker advised the professors .	entailment
"The senators shouted , and the lawyers encouraged the scientist ."	The senators shouted .	entailment
"The professor thanked the athlete , and the president shouted ."	The professor thanked the athlete .	entailment
"The doctors recommended the actor , and the professors waited ."	The professors waited .	entailment
"The judge mentioned the authors , and the president avoided the actors ."	The president avoided the actors .	entailment
"The tourists danced , and the manager waited ."	The manager waited .	entailment
"The artist danced , and the secretaries thanked the lawyer ."	The artist danced .	entailment
"The senators encouraged the doctor , and the scientist recognized the managers ."	The scientist recognized the managers .	entailment
"The secretaries stopped the professor , and the artist introduced the bankers ."	The artist introduced the bankers .	entailment
"The lawyer advised the students , and the actors recognized the author ."	The lawyer advised the students .	entailment
"The tourist arrived , and the manager called the senators ."	The manager called the senators .	entailment
"The presidents waited , and the judges performed ."	The judges performed .	entailment
"The judge believed the professor , and the students helped the banker ."	The judge believed the professor .	entailment
"The authors thanked the secretaries , and the athlete performed ."	The authors thanked the secretaries .	entailment
"The senators slept , and the scientist supported the banker ."	The scientist supported the banker .	entailment
"The athletes mentioned the doctors , and the author stopped the lawyer ."	The author stopped the lawyer .	entailment
"The doctors danced , and the artist believed the presidents ."	The artist believed the presidents .	entailment
"The actors advised the doctor , and the judge helped the professor ."	The judge helped the professor .	entailment
"The athletes ran , and the student waited ."	The student waited .	entailment
"The presidents helped the secretaries , and the judges avoided the athletes ."	The presidents helped the secretaries .	entailment
"The tourists mentioned the athlete , and the senator slept ."	The tourists mentioned the athlete .	entailment
"The senators recognized the artists , and the athletes encouraged the student ."	The senators recognized the artists .	entailment
"The tourist encouraged the judge , and the doctors resigned ."	The doctors resigned .	entailment
"The managers stopped the professor , and the senator encouraged the banker ."	The senator encouraged the banker .	entailment
"The secretary advised the artist , and the author thanked the student ."	The author thanked the student .	entailment
"The student stopped the judge , and the lawyers supported the presidents ."	The student stopped the judge .	entailment
"The senators encouraged the doctors , and the secretary introduced the lawyers ."	The senators encouraged the doctors .	entailment
"The managers resigned , and the lawyers avoided the doctors ."	The lawyers avoided the doctors .	entailment
"The author contacted the bankers , and the athletes stopped the manager ."	The author contacted the bankers .	entailment
"The judge stopped the secretary , and the scientists encouraged the senators ."	The scientists encouraged the senators .	entailment
"The professors saw the senator , and the tourists recommended the banker ."	The professors saw the senator .	entailment
"The artist danced , and the judge introduced the tourists ."	The judge introduced the tourists .	entailment
"The artist recommended the president , and the scientists thanked the student ."	The artist recommended the president .	entailment
"The judges helped the doctors , and the senator saw the professor ."	The judges helped the doctors .	entailment
"The senators avoided the judge , and the athletes advised the professor ."	The athletes advised the professor .	entailment
"The authors thanked the senator , and the tourists performed ."	The tourists performed .	entailment
"The tourist shouted , and the scientist slept ."	The scientist slept .	entailment
"The secretaries waited , and the senators slept ."	The secretaries waited .	entailment
"The professors resigned , and the actors thanked the doctors ."	The professors resigned .	entailment
"The senators arrived , and the judge introduced the author ."	The senators arrived .	entailment
"The judge shouted , and the secretaries danced ."	The judge shouted .	entailment
"The students shouted , and the scientists avoided the athlete ."	The scientists avoided the athlete .	entailment
"The doctors encouraged the author , and the athlete advised the tourists ."	The doctors encouraged the author .	entailment
"The actor resigned , and the secretary arrived ."	The actor resigned .	entailment
"The secretaries danced , and the bankers performed ."	The bankers performed .	entailment
"The author performed , and the scientists avoided the lawyers ."	The author performed .	entailment
"The banker slept , and the lawyers saw the authors ."	The banker slept .	entailment
"The judges performed , and the actor saw the manager ."	The judges performed .	entailment
"The athlete arrived , and the manager introduced the banker ."	The athlete arrived .	entailment
"The student avoided the manager , and the authors shouted ."	The student avoided the manager .	entailment
"The author waited , and the bankers helped the student ."	The author waited .	entailment
"The scientists recognized the actor , and the professors thanked the artists ."	The professors thanked the artists .	entailment
"The professors shouted , and the scientists resigned ."	The professors shouted .	entailment
"The bankers called the actors , and the senators avoided the authors ."	The senators avoided the authors .	entailment
"The lawyer performed , and the professors supported the managers ."	The professors supported the managers .	entailment
"The secretary supported the president , and the judges arrived ."	The secretary supported the president .	entailment
"The actor waited , and the manager believed the student ."	The manager believed the student .	entailment
"The athlete admired the tourists , and the manager stopped the secretary ."	The manager stopped the secretary .	entailment
"The tourist recognized the judge , and the scientists stopped the actors ."	The scientists stopped the actors .	entailment
"The presidents recognized the actors , and the secretary ran ."	The presidents recognized the actors .	entailment
"The secretary called the author , and the managers ran ."	The secretary called the author .	entailment
"The professor thanked the secretaries , and the senator waited ."	The senator waited .	entailment
"The tourists mentioned the judges , and the actor called the author ."	The actor called the author .	entailment
"The judges helped the secretaries , and the senators avoided the doctors ."	The senators avoided the doctors .	entailment
"The scientists arrived , and the actors slept ."	The actors slept .	entailment
"The author arrived , and the presidents contacted the actors ."	The author arrived .	entailment
"The artists believed the manager , and the tourists resigned ."	The artists believed the manager .	entailment
"The secretary admired the authors , and the doctors believed the artists ."	The doctors believed the artists .	entailment
"The banker resigned , and the lawyer admired the manager ."	The banker resigned .	entailment
"The scientist ran , and the doctors encouraged the student ."	The doctors encouraged the student .	entailment
"The scientist thanked the tourist , and the authors avoided the senators ."	The scientist thanked the tourist .	entailment
"The senator called the doctors , and the bankers mentioned the actor ."	The bankers mentioned the actor .	entailment
"The students supported the author , and the artist danced ."	The artist danced .	entailment
"The authors stopped the actors , and the scientist performed ."	The authors stopped the actors .	entailment
"The author encouraged the tourist , and the student ran ."	The student ran .	entailment
"The artists contacted the presidents , and the judge ran ."	The artists contacted the presidents .	entailment
"The actor recommended the banker , and the lawyer shouted ."	The lawyer shouted .	entailment
"The secretary supported the banker , and the authors danced ."	The secretary supported the banker .	entailment
"The senator called the bankers , and the manager encouraged the tourists ."	The manager encouraged the tourists .	entailment
"The professors admired the secretary , and the scientist supported the actors ."	The scientist supported the actors .	entailment
"The athletes saw the bankers , and the professor slept ."	The athletes saw the bankers .	entailment
"The author introduced the tourist , and the actor resigned ."	The actor resigned .	entailment
"The lawyer advised the artist , and the authors believed the manager ."	The authors believed the manager .	entailment
"The actor believed the secretaries , and the manager shouted ."	The manager shouted .	entailment
"The authors helped the tourist , and the artist supported the president ."	The authors helped the tourist .	entailment
"The student helped the judges , and the professors slept ."	The professors slept .	entailment
"The senator slept , and the artists performed ."	The senator slept .	entailment
"The president thanked the secretary , and the doctors arrived ."	The doctors arrived .	entailment
"The athletes advised the scientist , and the judges waited ."	The judges waited .	entailment
"The student danced , and the artist avoided the authors ."	The artist avoided the authors .	entailment
"The actor advised the bankers , and the tourists waited ."	The actor advised the bankers .	entailment
"The managers saw the lawyer , and the scientist avoided the authors ."	The scientist avoided the authors .	entailment
"The actor recognized the athletes , and the senators recommended the secretary ."	The senators recommended the secretary .	entailment
"The professors believed the secretary , and the doctor contacted the judge ."	The professors believed the secretary .	entailment
"The actors ran , and the managers recognized the author ."	The managers recognized the author .	entailment
"The professors ran , and the presidents advised the doctors ."	The professors ran .	entailment
"The artist helped the athletes , and the professor mentioned the doctor ."	The professor mentioned the doctor .	entailment
"The judge called the doctors , and the banker resigned ."	The banker resigned .	entailment
"The presidents introduced the scientist , and the athlete danced ."	The athlete danced .	entailment
"The student waited , and the senator advised the doctors ."	The senator advised the doctors .	entailment
"The professor performed , and the athlete recognized the judge ."	The athlete recognized the judge .	entailment
"The athletes encouraged the tourist , and the manager arrived ."	The manager arrived .	entailment
"The judges resigned , and the actors introduced the athlete ."	The actors introduced the athlete .	entailment
"The president shouted , and the senator saw the tourists ."	The senator saw the tourists .	entailment
"The manager ran , and the judge arrived ."	The judge arrived .	entailment
"The secretary avoided the students , and the professors contacted the senators ."	The professors contacted the senators .	entailment
"The judges arrived , and the students introduced the actor ."	The judges arrived .	entailment
"The athletes saw the bankers , and the senators performed ."	The athletes saw the bankers .	entailment
"The students avoided the doctors , and the senator resigned ."	The students avoided the doctors .	entailment
"The scientist slept , and the judge helped the lawyer ."	The judge helped the lawyer .	entailment
"The scientist ran , and the tourist stopped the managers ."	The scientist ran .	entailment
"The doctor advised the athletes , and the managers called the judge ."	The doctor advised the athletes .	entailment
"The student slept , and the actor resigned ."	The actor resigned .	entailment
"The authors advised the lawyer , and the professor thanked the judge ."	The professor thanked the judge .	entailment
"The students supported the manager , and the athlete recognized the artist ."	The students supported the manager .	entailment
"The senator encouraged the tourist , and the doctor resigned ."	The doctor resigned .	entailment
"The professors advised the students , and the scientist saw the secretaries ."	The professors advised the students .	entailment
"The actors saw the tourists , and the athlete advised the president ."	The actors saw the tourists .	entailment
"The judge stopped the tourists , and the doctors mentioned the authors ."	The doctors mentioned the authors .	entailment
"The tourists advised the bankers , and the professors performed ."	The professors performed .	entailment
"The tourist called the doctor , and the president resigned ."	The president resigned .	entailment
"The student admired the bankers , and the senators danced ."	The senators danced .	entailment
"The student slept , and the senators mentioned the manager ."	The student slept .	entailment
"The authors avoided the managers , and the professors danced ."	The professors danced .	entailment
"The president saw the bankers , and the scientist introduced the doctors ."	The president saw the bankers .	entailment
"The banker waited , and the secretary recognized the doctor ."	The banker waited .	entailment
"The judge encouraged the doctor , and the bankers recognized the artists ."	The bankers recognized the artists .	entailment
"The judge helped the athletes , and the professor recommended the senator ."	The professor recommended the senator .	entailment
"The lawyers slept , and the authors performed ."	The authors performed .	entailment
"The judge encouraged the authors , and the manager believed the bankers ."	The judge encouraged the authors .	entailment
"The judge supported the athlete , and the scientists saw the student ."	The judge supported the athlete .	entailment
"The student performed , and the professors contacted the president ."	The student performed .	entailment
"The banker helped the scientists , and the presidents waited ."	The banker helped the scientists .	entailment
"The authors believed the judge , and the doctors advised the presidents ."	The authors believed the judge .	entailment
"The judges slept , and the banker thanked the artist ."	The banker thanked the artist .	entailment
"The tourist advised the manager , and the judge slept ."	The tourist advised the manager .	entailment
"The secretary called the doctors , and the tourist thanked the manager ."	The secretary called the doctors .	entailment
"The president believed the manager , and the athlete mentioned the author ."	The president believed the manager .	entailment
"The author encouraged the students , and the presidents slept ."	The author encouraged the students .	entailment
"The authors recommended the doctor , and the lawyers encouraged the professors ."	The lawyers encouraged the professors .	entailment
"The lawyer saw the scientist , and the athlete recognized the judge ."	The athlete recognized the judge .	entailment
"The actor introduced the managers , and the lawyers encouraged the athletes ."	The actor introduced the managers .	entailment
"The author slept , and the senator called the president ."	The senator called the president .	entailment
"The tourist encouraged the lawyer , and the actors advised the student ."	The tourist encouraged the lawyer .	entailment
"The scientists shouted , and the secretary supported the presidents ."	The scientists shouted .	entailment
"The students slept , and the author introduced the bankers ."	The students slept .	entailment
"The presidents avoided the tourist , and the manager performed ."	The presidents avoided the tourist .	entailment
"The presidents admired the tourists , and the scientists saw the professor ."	The scientists saw the professor .	entailment
"The banker introduced the secretaries , and the lawyer waited ."	The banker introduced the secretaries .	entailment
"The athletes ran , and the doctors mentioned the president ."	The doctors mentioned the president .	entailment
"The artist avoided the secretaries , and the lawyer recognized the judges ."	The artist avoided the secretaries .	entailment
"The doctors waited , and the students slept ."	The students slept .	entailment
"The artists helped the judge , and the bankers called the tourists ."	The bankers called the tourists .	entailment
"The presidents shouted , and the athlete mentioned the secretaries ."	The athlete mentioned the secretaries .	entailment
"The actor thanked the tourist , and the judges ran ."	The judges ran .	entailment
"The secretaries shouted , and the athletes introduced the doctors ."	The secretaries shouted .	entailment
"The student waited , and the judges shouted ."	The student waited .	entailment
"The professor waited , and the tourist recognized the judges ."	The tourist recognized the judges .	entailment
Clearly the author encouraged the actors .	The author encouraged the actors .	entailment
Of course the doctors saw the secretary .	The doctors saw the secretary .	entailment
Suddenly the scientist introduced the artist .	The scientist introduced the artist .	entailment
Without a doubt the senator recommended the professors .	The senator recommended the professors .	entailment
Clearly the author believed the banker .	The author believed the banker .	entailment
Suddenly the tourists advised the manager .	The tourists advised the manager .	entailment
Of course the athletes performed .	The athletes performed .	entailment
Obviously the bankers contacted the judges .	The bankers contacted the judges .	entailment
Definitely the artists admired the scientists .	The artists admired the scientists .	entailment
Certainly the tourists resigned .	The tourists resigned .	entailment
Certainly the scientist waited .	The scientist waited .	entailment
Clearly the doctor slept .	The doctor slept .	entailment
Without a doubt the doctor believed the athletes .	The doctor believed the athletes .	entailment
Definitely the author danced .	The author danced .	entailment
Obviously the doctor encouraged the actors .	The doctor encouraged the actors .	entailment
Definitely the secretaries stopped the scientist .	The secretaries stopped the scientist .	entailment
Suddenly the authors avoided the students .	The authors avoided the students .	entailment
Suddenly the doctor encouraged the scientists .	The doctor encouraged the scientists .	entailment
Obviously the author ran .	The author ran .	entailment
Clearly the athlete advised the scientist .	The athlete advised the scientist .	entailment
Of course the judges danced .	The judges danced .	entailment
Clearly the lawyers ran .	The lawyers ran .	entailment
Without a doubt the lawyers shouted .	The lawyers shouted .	entailment
Obviously the actor avoided the professors .	The actor avoided the professors .	entailment
Of course the secretary encouraged the doctor .	The secretary encouraged the doctor .	entailment
Obviously the actors arrived .	The actors arrived .	entailment
Certainly the authors shouted .	The authors shouted .	entailment
Clearly the judges recognized the senators .	The judges recognized the senators .	entailment
Obviously the athlete resigned .	The athlete resigned .	entailment
Without a doubt the author thanked the professors .	The author thanked the professors .	entailment
Suddenly the doctors performed .	The doctors performed .	entailment
Obviously the artist stopped the managers .	The artist stopped the managers .	entailment
Without a doubt the banker believed the managers .	The banker believed the managers .	entailment
Suddenly the artists ran .	The artists ran .	entailment
Obviously the authors thanked the student .	The authors thanked the student .	entailment
Without a doubt the professor slept .	The professor slept .	entailment
Certainly the senator supported the authors .	The senator supported the authors .	entailment
Clearly the president thanked the tourist .	The president thanked the tourist .	entailment
Without a doubt the senators advised the doctors .	The senators advised the doctors .	entailment
Obviously the doctor admired the managers .	The doctor admired the managers .	entailment
Certainly the actor recognized the doctor .	The actor recognized the doctor .	entailment
Without a doubt the professors stopped the secretaries .	The professors stopped the secretaries .	entailment
Of course the doctors called the lawyers .	The doctors called the lawyers .	entailment
Without a doubt the tourists supported the scientist .	The tourists supported the scientist .	entailment
Clearly the doctor contacted the secretaries .	The doctor contacted the secretaries .	entailment
Obviously the professors contacted the students .	The professors contacted the students .	entailment
Certainly the managers mentioned the president .	The managers mentioned the president .	entailment
Definitely the scientists ran .	The scientists ran .	entailment
Suddenly the actor stopped the lawyer .	The actor stopped the lawyer .	entailment
Definitely the senators slept .	The senators slept .	entailment
Definitely the scientists supported the tourist .	The scientists supported the tourist .	entailment
Suddenly the artist avoided the students .	The artist avoided the students .	entailment
Obviously the judges slept .	The judges slept .	entailment
Of course the author saw the artists .	The author saw the artists .	entailment
Definitely the scientists advised the lawyer .	The scientists advised the lawyer .	entailment
Clearly the senator waited .	The senator waited .	entailment
Clearly the lawyers helped the senators .	The lawyers helped the senators .	entailment
Suddenly the senators called the authors .	The senators called the authors .	entailment
Suddenly the professors danced .	The professors danced .	entailment
Clearly the lawyer believed the presidents .	The lawyer believed the presidents .	entailment
Obviously the students advised the lawyers .	The students advised the lawyers .	entailment
Definitely the president slept .	The president slept .	entailment
Suddenly the scientist mentioned the actor .	The scientist mentioned the actor .	entailment
Clearly the president waited .	The president waited .	entailment
Obviously the actor supported the scientist .	The actor supported the scientist .	entailment
Of course the managers shouted .	The managers shouted .	entailment
Obviously the tourists avoided the scientists .	The tourists avoided the scientists .	entailment
Suddenly the doctor saw the athletes .	The doctor saw the athletes .	entailment
Certainly the students avoided the athlete .	The students avoided the athlete .	entailment
Without a doubt the athlete recommended the artist .	The athlete recommended the artist .	entailment
Of course the professors ran .	The professors ran .	entailment
Certainly the doctors recognized the manager .	The doctors recognized the manager .	entailment
Obviously the actors believed the president .	The actors believed the president .	entailment
Of course the author believed the scientists .	The author believed the scientists .	entailment
Without a doubt the athlete encouraged the author .	The athlete encouraged the author .	entailment
Certainly the judges recommended the presidents .	The judges recommended the presidents .	entailment
Obviously the scientist resigned .	The scientist resigned .	entailment
Definitely the senators stopped the managers .	The senators stopped the managers .	entailment
Obviously the judge shouted .	The judge shouted .	entailment
Without a doubt the scientist waited .	The scientist waited .	entailment
Obviously the professor stopped the senator .	The professor stopped the senator .	entailment
Definitely the lawyer advised the secretaries .	The lawyer advised the secretaries .	entailment
Certainly the lawyer waited .	The lawyer waited .	entailment
Definitely the scientist ran .	The scientist ran .	entailment
Of course the tourist arrived .	The tourist arrived .	entailment
Obviously the senators mentioned the actors .	The senators mentioned the actors .	entailment
Of course the judge recommended the authors .	The judge recommended the authors .	entailment
Clearly the doctor arrived .	The doctor arrived .	entailment
Suddenly the judge stopped the presidents .	The judge stopped the presidents .	entailment
Certainly the doctors resigned .	The doctors resigned .	entailment
Of course the athletes avoided the students .	The athletes avoided the students .	entailment
Obviously the author introduced the lawyers .	The author introduced the lawyers .	entailment
Certainly the judge mentioned the student .	The judge mentioned the student .	entailment
Suddenly the secretary slept .	The secretary slept .	entailment
Definitely the doctor mentioned the secretary .	The doctor mentioned the secretary .	entailment
Obviously the actor contacted the professor .	The actor contacted the professor .	entailment
Clearly the artist waited .	The artist waited .	entailment
Without a doubt the professor danced .	The professor danced .	entailment
Of course the authors supported the managers .	The authors supported the managers .	entailment
Certainly the artist recognized the scientist .	The artist recognized the scientist .	entailment
Without a doubt the lawyer advised the secretary .	The lawyer advised the secretary .	entailment
Suddenly the athletes avoided the lawyer .	The athletes avoided the lawyer .	entailment
Certainly the manager arrived .	The manager arrived .	entailment
Obviously the artists avoided the authors .	The artists avoided the authors .	entailment
Certainly the artist contacted the judge .	The artist contacted the judge .	entailment
Certainly the scientists supported the professor .	The scientists supported the professor .	entailment
Without a doubt the author waited .	The author waited .	entailment
Without a doubt the senators danced .	The senators danced .	entailment
Without a doubt the secretaries supported the scientist .	The secretaries supported the scientist .	entailment
Certainly the professors encouraged the artists .	The professors encouraged the artists .	entailment
Clearly the doctor advised the athletes .	The doctor advised the athletes .	entailment
Obviously the professor danced .	The professor danced .	entailment
Certainly the senators saw the professor .	The senators saw the professor .	entailment
Definitely the lawyer mentioned the authors .	The lawyer mentioned the authors .	entailment
Of course the lawyer introduced the professor .	The lawyer introduced the professor .	entailment
Obviously the presidents admired the manager .	The presidents admired the manager .	entailment
Obviously the professor called the artists .	The professor called the artists .	entailment
Suddenly the scientist called the professors .	The scientist called the professors .	entailment
Certainly the authors helped the scientists .	The authors helped the scientists .	entailment
Certainly the president believed the student .	The president believed the student .	entailment
Clearly the managers contacted the secretaries .	The managers contacted the secretaries .	entailment
Clearly the manager resigned .	The manager resigned .	entailment
Suddenly the actors slept .	The actors slept .	entailment
Certainly the actors helped the secretaries .	The actors helped the secretaries .	entailment
Certainly the managers encouraged the author .	The managers encouraged the author .	entailment
Obviously the judges performed .	The judges performed .	entailment
Definitely the athletes saw the professors .	The athletes saw the professors .	entailment
Suddenly the bankers slept .	The bankers slept .	entailment
Suddenly the athlete helped the bankers .	The athlete helped the bankers .	entailment
Of course the students avoided the professors .	The students avoided the professors .	entailment
Obviously the bankers helped the senators .	The bankers helped the senators .	entailment
Certainly the senator slept .	The senator slept .	entailment
Clearly the tourist admired the president .	The tourist admired the president .	entailment
Clearly the professors avoided the actors .	The professors avoided the actors .	entailment
Of course the senators recognized the doctor .	The senators recognized the doctor .	entailment
Clearly the athletes recognized the tourists .	The athletes recognized the tourists .	entailment
Clearly the senators danced .	The senators danced .	entailment
Clearly the senators contacted the author .	The senators contacted the author .	entailment
Definitely the judges arrived .	The judges arrived .	entailment
Clearly the senator helped the athlete .	The senator helped the athlete .	entailment
Suddenly the artists slept .	The artists slept .	entailment
Of course the senator slept .	The senator slept .	entailment
Definitely the managers slept .	The managers slept .	entailment
Of course the banker mentioned the tourists .	The banker mentioned the tourists .	entailment
Clearly the authors saw the tourists .	The authors saw the tourists .	entailment
Clearly the doctors encouraged the lawyer .	The doctors encouraged the lawyer .	entailment
Clearly the senators performed .	The senators performed .	entailment
Obviously the judges admired the scientist .	The judges admired the scientist .	entailment
Certainly the scientists saw the senator .	The scientists saw the senator .	entailment
Of course the actors recognized the doctors .	The actors recognized the doctors .	entailment
Of course the manager mentioned the judge .	The manager mentioned the judge .	entailment
Definitely the managers called the actors .	The managers called the actors .	entailment
Certainly the scientists arrived .	The scientists arrived .	entailment
Clearly the doctor helped the professor .	The doctor helped the professor .	entailment
Definitely the athletes believed the presidents .	The athletes believed the presidents .	entailment
Without a doubt the senators mentioned the doctor .	The senators mentioned the doctor .	entailment
Definitely the authors advised the tourist .	The authors advised the tourist .	entailment
Certainly the athlete arrived .	The athlete arrived .	entailment
Definitely the secretary supported the judges .	The secretary supported the judges .	entailment
Certainly the doctor introduced the senators .	The doctor introduced the senators .	entailment
Suddenly the professors mentioned the scientist .	The professors mentioned the scientist .	entailment
Obviously the artist performed .	The artist performed .	entailment
Obviously the doctors resigned .	The doctors resigned .	entailment
Clearly the doctor encouraged the judges .	The doctor encouraged the judges .	entailment
Of course the secretaries encouraged the actors .	The secretaries encouraged the actors .	entailment
Clearly the actors danced .	The actors danced .	entailment
Of course the bankers introduced the secretary .	The bankers introduced the secretary .	entailment
Of course the author admired the students .	The author admired the students .	entailment
Clearly the professors mentioned the scientists .	The professors mentioned the scientists .	entailment
Suddenly the professors believed the secretaries .	The professors believed the secretaries .	entailment
Of course the secretary recommended the authors .	The secretary recommended the authors .	entailment
Certainly the student recommended the professors .	The student recommended the professors .	entailment
Obviously the student introduced the scientist .	The student introduced the scientist .	entailment
Clearly the doctors admired the author .	The doctors admired the author .	entailment
Of course the president mentioned the judge .	The president mentioned the judge .	entailment
Suddenly the scientists encouraged the bankers .	The scientists encouraged the bankers .	entailment
Definitely the scientists called the presidents .	The scientists called the presidents .	entailment
Without a doubt the judges called the tourists .	The judges called the tourists .	entailment
Clearly the bankers danced .	The bankers danced .	entailment
Certainly the judge mentioned the tourist .	The judge mentioned the tourist .	entailment
Of course the tourists thanked the lawyers .	The tourists thanked the lawyers .	entailment
Of course the bankers contacted the secretary .	The bankers contacted the secretary .	entailment
Of course the judge performed .	The judge performed .	entailment
Of course the authors helped the student .	The authors helped the student .	entailment
Certainly the athlete danced .	The athlete danced .	entailment
Definitely the lawyers mentioned the scientist .	The lawyers mentioned the scientist .	entailment
Suddenly the student believed the athletes .	The student believed the athletes .	entailment
Clearly the artists resigned .	The artists resigned .	entailment
Clearly the actors stopped the author .	The actors stopped the author .	entailment
Suddenly the lawyers introduced the tourists .	The lawyers introduced the tourists .	entailment
Definitely the professors danced .	The professors danced .	entailment
Of course the manager resigned .	The manager resigned .	entailment
Of course the actors admired the author .	The actors admired the author .	entailment
Definitely the president advised the scientist .	The president advised the scientist .	entailment
Certainly the actors performed .	The actors performed .	entailment
Definitely the tourists resigned .	The tourists resigned .	entailment
Obviously the authors performed .	The authors performed .	entailment
Without a doubt the professor contacted the judge .	The professor contacted the judge .	entailment
Definitely the bankers shouted .	The bankers shouted .	entailment
Clearly the secretaries called the students .	The secretaries called the students .	entailment
Certainly the banker helped the author .	The banker helped the author .	entailment
Without a doubt the athletes mentioned the artists .	The athletes mentioned the artists .	entailment
Suddenly the senator helped the scientist .	The senator helped the scientist .	entailment
Suddenly the actors introduced the senator .	The actors introduced the senator .	entailment
Definitely the manager recognized the student .	The manager recognized the student .	entailment
Clearly the lawyers believed the tourists .	The lawyers believed the tourists .	entailment
Without a doubt the doctor stopped the athletes .	The doctor stopped the athletes .	entailment
Obviously the managers stopped the author .	The managers stopped the author .	entailment
Of course the professors admired the banker .	The professors admired the banker .	entailment
Of course the banker advised the student .	The banker advised the student .	entailment
Without a doubt the president encouraged the secretary .	The president encouraged the secretary .	entailment
Suddenly the actor waited .	The actor waited .	entailment
Obviously the author introduced the scientists .	The author introduced the scientists .	entailment
Obviously the bankers contacted the artists .	The bankers contacted the artists .	entailment
Suddenly the doctor saw the secretaries .	The doctor saw the secretaries .	entailment
Clearly the athletes believed the author .	The athletes believed the author .	entailment
Obviously the presidents supported the judge .	The presidents supported the judge .	entailment
Without a doubt the scientists resigned .	The scientists resigned .	entailment
Obviously the authors recognized the actor .	The authors recognized the actor .	entailment
Without a doubt the managers stopped the lawyers .	The managers stopped the lawyers .	entailment
Definitely the artists danced .	The artists danced .	entailment
Definitely the athletes believed the actor .	The athletes believed the actor .	entailment
Of course the professors mentioned the authors .	The professors mentioned the authors .	entailment
Suddenly the bankers performed .	The bankers performed .	entailment
Certainly the bankers admired the judges .	The bankers admired the judges .	entailment
Obviously the artist called the presidents .	The artist called the presidents .	entailment
Without a doubt the presidents slept .	The presidents slept .	entailment
Obviously the tourists waited .	The tourists waited .	entailment
Of course the actors performed .	The actors performed .	entailment
Obviously the secretary encouraged the artists .	The secretary encouraged the artists .	entailment
Definitely the president admired the actors .	The president admired the actors .	entailment
Certainly the student avoided the doctors .	The student avoided the doctors .	entailment
Clearly the presidents shouted .	The presidents shouted .	entailment
Clearly the manager avoided the students .	The manager avoided the students .	entailment
Obviously the senator thanked the athlete .	The senator thanked the athlete .	entailment
Certainly the secretaries introduced the athletes .	The secretaries introduced the athletes .	entailment
Certainly the tourists helped the lawyer .	The tourists helped the lawyer .	entailment
Definitely the manager ran .	The manager ran .	entailment
Without a doubt the tourists encouraged the manager .	The tourists encouraged the manager .	entailment
Definitely the lawyers performed .	The lawyers performed .	entailment
Of course the bankers thanked the judges .	The bankers thanked the judges .	entailment
Of course the tourists resigned .	The tourists resigned .	entailment
Of course the artists waited .	The artists waited .	entailment
Certainly the athletes arrived .	The athletes arrived .	entailment
Clearly the athlete avoided the managers .	The athlete avoided the managers .	entailment
Definitely the authors ran .	The authors ran .	entailment
Clearly the artist helped the professor .	The artist helped the professor .	entailment
Clearly the scientist resigned .	The scientist resigned .	entailment
Clearly the tourist introduced the artists .	The tourist introduced the artists .	entailment
Without a doubt the tourist recommended the managers .	The tourist recommended the managers .	entailment
Certainly the banker helped the senators .	The banker helped the senators .	entailment
Definitely the tourist saw the author .	The tourist saw the author .	entailment
Suddenly the actor performed .	The actor performed .	entailment
Without a doubt the artists waited .	The artists waited .	entailment
Without a doubt the president helped the lawyer .	The president helped the lawyer .	entailment
Of course the tourists admired the authors .	The tourists admired the authors .	entailment
Without a doubt the bankers saw the students .	The bankers saw the students .	entailment
Clearly the president helped the artist .	The president helped the artist .	entailment
Definitely the authors advised the doctor .	The authors advised the doctor .	entailment
Suddenly the professor slept .	The professor slept .	entailment
Certainly the actor danced .	The actor danced .	entailment
Obviously the professor waited .	The professor waited .	entailment
Certainly the artists advised the banker .	The artists advised the banker .	entailment
Certainly the actor shouted .	The actor shouted .	entailment
Clearly the author encouraged the artist .	The author encouraged the artist .	entailment
Suddenly the student performed .	The student performed .	entailment
Definitely the judges performed .	The judges performed .	entailment
Obviously the athlete avoided the professors .	The athlete avoided the professors .	entailment
Without a doubt the artist thanked the tourist .	The artist thanked the tourist .	entailment
Obviously the scientists performed .	The scientists performed .	entailment
Clearly the senators ran .	The senators ran .	entailment
Suddenly the president ran .	The president ran .	entailment
Without a doubt the presidents contacted the banker .	The presidents contacted the banker .	entailment
Definitely the lawyer saw the secretaries .	The lawyer saw the secretaries .	entailment
Of course the scientist recommended the doctors .	The scientist recommended the doctors .	entailment
Obviously the artist believed the doctors .	The artist believed the doctors .	entailment
Clearly the lawyers called the senator .	The lawyers called the senator .	entailment
Of course the athletes recognized the doctor .	The athletes recognized the doctor .	entailment
Of course the artist admired the professors .	The artist admired the professors .	entailment
Clearly the doctor recommended the lawyers .	The doctor recommended the lawyers .	entailment
Without a doubt the doctor introduced the banker .	The doctor introduced the banker .	entailment
Suddenly the scientist danced .	The scientist danced .	entailment
Definitely the tourists waited .	The tourists waited .	entailment
Obviously the secretaries ran .	The secretaries ran .	entailment
Without a doubt the artist supported the tourist .	The artist supported the tourist .	entailment
Certainly the doctors arrived .	The doctors arrived .	entailment
Certainly the professor thanked the secretary .	The professor thanked the secretary .	entailment
Clearly the bankers shouted .	The bankers shouted .	entailment
Obviously the doctor recommended the senator .	The doctor recommended the senator .	entailment
Obviously the managers danced .	The managers danced .	entailment
Without a doubt the doctor performed .	The doctor performed .	entailment
Certainly the scientists recognized the president .	The scientists recognized the president .	entailment
Certainly the secretaries admired the judges .	The secretaries admired the judges .	entailment
Certainly the professors performed .	The professors performed .	entailment
Without a doubt the lawyer shouted .	The lawyer shouted .	entailment
Clearly the artist called the tourists .	The artist called the tourists .	entailment
Without a doubt the doctors mentioned the presidents .	The doctors mentioned the presidents .	entailment
Obviously the managers resigned .	The managers resigned .	entailment
Clearly the managers slept .	The managers slept .	entailment
Obviously the author stopped the artist .	The author stopped the artist .	entailment
Certainly the president performed .	The president performed .	entailment
Certainly the judges resigned .	The judges resigned .	entailment
Suddenly the artist avoided the scientist .	The artist avoided the scientist .	entailment
Clearly the professor thanked the scientists .	The professor thanked the scientists .	entailment
Without a doubt the professors avoided the students .	The professors avoided the students .	entailment
Certainly the doctors advised the presidents .	The doctors advised the presidents .	entailment
Without a doubt the secretaries recommended the tourists .	The secretaries recommended the tourists .	entailment
Certainly the tourists ran .	The tourists ran .	entailment
Suddenly the managers recognized the athletes .	The managers recognized the athletes .	entailment
Suddenly the artists supported the actors .	The artists supported the actors .	entailment
Obviously the secretaries danced .	The secretaries danced .	entailment
Suddenly the student ran .	The student ran .	entailment
Clearly the tourists resigned .	The tourists resigned .	entailment
Of course the professor ran .	The professor ran .	entailment
Definitely the doctor encouraged the managers .	The doctor encouraged the managers .	entailment
Of course the banker recommended the doctors .	The banker recommended the doctors .	entailment
Clearly the scientists mentioned the banker .	The scientists mentioned the banker .	entailment
Certainly the judge recognized the authors .	The judge recognized the authors .	entailment
Of course the secretaries believed the tourist .	The secretaries believed the tourist .	entailment
Of course the judge supported the tourists .	The judge supported the tourists .	entailment
Certainly the tourist helped the doctors .	The tourist helped the doctors .	entailment
Clearly the lawyer recognized the presidents .	The lawyer recognized the presidents .	entailment
Without a doubt the bankers mentioned the scientists .	The bankers mentioned the scientists .	entailment
Obviously the doctors helped the professor .	The doctors helped the professor .	entailment
Of course the athletes admired the lawyer .	The athletes admired the lawyer .	entailment
Clearly the judge helped the scientists .	The judge helped the scientists .	entailment
Certainly the tourist encouraged the scientist .	The tourist encouraged the scientist .	entailment
Suddenly the lawyers advised the authors .	The lawyers advised the authors .	entailment
Clearly the senators thanked the lawyers .	The senators thanked the lawyers .	entailment
Definitely the managers contacted the athlete .	The managers contacted the athlete .	entailment
Certainly the manager helped the artist .	The manager helped the artist .	entailment
Clearly the scientists slept .	The scientists slept .	entailment
Certainly the secretaries contacted the manager .	The secretaries contacted the manager .	entailment
Definitely the judge supported the senator .	The judge supported the senator .	entailment
Suddenly the judges advised the scientists .	The judges advised the scientists .	entailment
Obviously the artists introduced the students .	The artists introduced the students .	entailment
Clearly the actor thanked the senator .	The actor thanked the senator .	entailment
Certainly the president admired the secretaries .	The president admired the secretaries .	entailment
Certainly the athletes recognized the lawyers .	The athletes recognized the lawyers .	entailment
Clearly the professor saw the athlete .	The professor saw the athlete .	entailment
Without a doubt the tourist thanked the president .	The tourist thanked the president .	entailment
Without a doubt the student helped the doctor .	The student helped the doctor .	entailment
Obviously the bankers saw the judge .	The bankers saw the judge .	entailment
Of course the doctors saw the tourist .	The doctors saw the tourist .	entailment
Certainly the tourist performed .	The tourist performed .	entailment
Of course the judge shouted .	The judge shouted .	entailment
Clearly the manager helped the presidents .	The manager helped the presidents .	entailment
Without a doubt the managers advised the lawyers .	The managers advised the lawyers .	entailment
Obviously the author contacted the athlete .	The author contacted the athlete .	entailment
Suddenly the judge mentioned the professor .	The judge mentioned the professor .	entailment
Obviously the scientists shouted .	The scientists shouted .	entailment
Obviously the lawyers slept .	The lawyers slept .	entailment
Of course the tourist waited .	The tourist waited .	entailment
Obviously the actor resigned .	The actor resigned .	entailment
Suddenly the author slept .	The author slept .	entailment
Certainly the actors danced .	The actors danced .	entailment
Without a doubt the artists contacted the judge .	The artists contacted the judge .	entailment
Of course the president saw the scientists .	The president saw the scientists .	entailment
Suddenly the president shouted .	The president shouted .	entailment
Clearly the lawyer called the scientists .	The lawyer called the scientists .	entailment
Certainly the senators performed .	The senators performed .	entailment
Obviously the artist introduced the presidents .	The artist introduced the presidents .	entailment
Obviously the senator danced .	The senator danced .	entailment
Clearly the scientist encouraged the secretary .	The scientist encouraged the secretary .	entailment
Without a doubt the judge recognized the senators .	The judge recognized the senators .	entailment
Of course the secretaries avoided the managers .	The secretaries avoided the managers .	entailment
Without a doubt the senators waited .	The senators waited .	entailment
Certainly the athletes called the doctor .	The athletes called the doctor .	entailment
Suddenly the tourists performed .	The tourists performed .	entailment
Without a doubt the secretaries mentioned the artist .	The secretaries mentioned the artist .	entailment
Without a doubt the tourists stopped the scientist .	The tourists stopped the scientist .	entailment
Suddenly the author mentioned the senators .	The author mentioned the senators .	entailment
Clearly the student performed .	The student performed .	entailment
Suddenly the lawyers encouraged the tourist .	The lawyers encouraged the tourist .	entailment
Obviously the tourist stopped the scientists .	The tourist stopped the scientists .	entailment
Obviously the managers supported the author .	The managers supported the author .	entailment
Clearly the banker shouted .	The banker shouted .	entailment
Without a doubt the student supported the authors .	The student supported the authors .	entailment
Certainly the doctor shouted .	The doctor shouted .	entailment
Without a doubt the professor called the judges .	The professor called the judges .	entailment
Obviously the bankers shouted .	The bankers shouted .	entailment
Of course the judge saw the bankers .	The judge saw the bankers .	entailment
Suddenly the senators avoided the scientist .	The senators avoided the scientist .	entailment
Definitely the judge advised the professors .	The judge advised the professors .	entailment
Obviously the presidents slept .	The presidents slept .	entailment
Without a doubt the author admired the secretaries .	The author admired the secretaries .	entailment
Suddenly the president stopped the authors .	The president stopped the authors .	entailment
Clearly the senators slept .	The senators slept .	entailment
Definitely the artists mentioned the professor .	The artists mentioned the professor .	entailment
Definitely the athletes slept .	The athletes slept .	entailment
Suddenly the judge advised the artists .	The judge advised the artists .	entailment
Clearly the author resigned .	The author resigned .	entailment
Of course the judges admired the lawyers .	The judges admired the lawyers .	entailment
Without a doubt the doctors encouraged the tourists .	The doctors encouraged the tourists .	entailment
Certainly the tourist resigned .	The tourist resigned .	entailment
Of course the actors slept .	The actors slept .	entailment
Obviously the secretary slept .	The secretary slept .	entailment
Clearly the lawyer introduced the tourist .	The lawyer introduced the tourist .	entailment
Of course the secretaries shouted .	The secretaries shouted .	entailment
Definitely the lawyer supported the presidents .	The lawyer supported the presidents .	entailment
Of course the presidents introduced the lawyers .	The presidents introduced the lawyers .	entailment
Obviously the artists admired the senator .	The artists admired the senator .	entailment
Suddenly the managers ran .	The managers ran .	entailment
Certainly the president arrived .	The president arrived .	entailment
Certainly the professor encouraged the athletes .	The professor encouraged the athletes .	entailment
Clearly the doctor danced .	The doctor danced .	entailment
Certainly the banker admired the senator .	The banker admired the senator .	entailment
Certainly the student avoided the lawyer .	The student avoided the lawyer .	entailment
Clearly the doctor saw the scientists .	The doctor saw the scientists .	entailment
Of course the doctor supported the tourists .	The doctor supported the tourists .	entailment
Without a doubt the student admired the scientists .	The student admired the scientists .	entailment
Clearly the secretary slept .	The secretary slept .	entailment
Certainly the actors arrived .	The actors arrived .	entailment
Certainly the scientist thanked the authors .	The scientist thanked the authors .	entailment
Obviously the author slept .	The author slept .	entailment
Of course the manager admired the actors .	The manager admired the actors .	entailment
Clearly the secretaries ran .	The secretaries ran .	entailment
Of course the lawyer thanked the scientist .	The lawyer thanked the scientist .	entailment
Certainly the managers ran .	The managers ran .	entailment
Definitely the scientists mentioned the actors .	The scientists mentioned the actors .	entailment
Of course the authors resigned .	The authors resigned .	entailment
Without a doubt the manager avoided the doctors .	The manager avoided the doctors .	entailment
Clearly the artist supported the professor .	The artist supported the professor .	entailment
Certainly the doctors ran .	The doctors ran .	entailment
Without a doubt the authors danced .	The authors danced .	entailment
Without a doubt the professor helped the scientist .	The professor helped the scientist .	entailment
Clearly the managers recommended the tourist .	The managers recommended the tourist .	entailment
Clearly the judge avoided the authors .	The judge avoided the authors .	entailment
Of course the artists admired the manager .	The artists admired the manager .	entailment
Suddenly the athletes stopped the students .	The athletes stopped the students .	entailment
Without a doubt the tourists encouraged the lawyer .	The tourists encouraged the lawyer .	entailment
Of course the author called the student .	The author called the student .	entailment
Of course the scientist arrived .	The scientist arrived .	entailment
Obviously the lawyers arrived .	The lawyers arrived .	entailment
Obviously the lawyer avoided the scientists .	The lawyer avoided the scientists .	entailment
Of course the author mentioned the student .	The author mentioned the student .	entailment
Definitely the president arrived .	The president arrived .	entailment
Without a doubt the tourist recommended the banker .	The tourist recommended the banker .	entailment
Of course the actor resigned .	The actor resigned .	entailment
Of course the scientist shouted .	The scientist shouted .	entailment
Suddenly the doctors encouraged the manager .	The doctors encouraged the manager .	entailment
Clearly the secretaries slept .	The secretaries slept .	entailment
Definitely the scientist thanked the student .	The scientist thanked the student .	entailment
Certainly the judges helped the secretaries .	The judges helped the secretaries .	entailment
Of course the students recommended the author .	The students recommended the author .	entailment
Obviously the professor recommended the author .	The professor recommended the author .	entailment
Suddenly the banker ran .	The banker ran .	entailment
Of course the presidents called the professors .	The presidents called the professors .	entailment
Of course the tourist called the artists .	The tourist called the artists .	entailment
Certainly the student performed .	The student performed .	entailment
Certainly the author thanked the judges .	The author thanked the judges .	entailment
Obviously the managers admired the professor .	The managers admired the professor .	entailment
Without a doubt the doctors waited .	The doctors waited .	entailment
Definitely the professors slept .	The professors slept .	entailment
Clearly the tourists danced .	The tourists danced .	entailment
Obviously the artist recommended the authors .	The artist recommended the authors .	entailment
Clearly the doctors contacted the secretaries .	The doctors contacted the secretaries .	entailment
Suddenly the actor contacted the scientist .	The actor contacted the scientist .	entailment
Suddenly the artist supported the judge .	The artist supported the judge .	entailment
Suddenly the scientist performed .	The scientist performed .	entailment
Definitely the tourists shouted .	The tourists shouted .	entailment
Without a doubt the bankers arrived .	The bankers arrived .	entailment
Clearly the banker stopped the senators .	The banker stopped the senators .	entailment
Certainly the tourists recognized the author .	The tourists recognized the author .	entailment
Without a doubt the actor slept .	The actor slept .	entailment
Suddenly the author resigned .	The author resigned .	entailment
Without a doubt the athletes encouraged the doctors .	The athletes encouraged the doctors .	entailment
Of course the scientist admired the manager .	The scientist admired the manager .	entailment
Definitely the lawyers danced .	The lawyers danced .	entailment
Certainly the doctor stopped the athletes .	The doctor stopped the athletes .	entailment
Of course the banker resigned .	The banker resigned .	entailment
Obviously the manager believed the student .	The manager believed the student .	entailment
Suddenly the secretary mentioned the doctors .	The secretary mentioned the doctors .	entailment
Of course the lawyers danced .	The lawyers danced .	entailment
Suddenly the lawyers waited .	The lawyers waited .	entailment
Suddenly the secretary mentioned the presidents .	The secretary mentioned the presidents .	entailment
Obviously the scientists avoided the secretary .	The scientists avoided the secretary .	entailment
Definitely the tourist performed .	The tourist performed .	entailment
Definitely the athletes encouraged the authors .	The athletes encouraged the authors .	entailment
Clearly the scientist mentioned the secretaries .	The scientist mentioned the secretaries .	entailment
Of course the secretaries resigned .	The secretaries resigned .	entailment
Suddenly the doctors stopped the president .	The doctors stopped the president .	entailment
Of course the athletes stopped the actor .	The athletes stopped the actor .	entailment
Obviously the scientists supported the students .	The scientists supported the students .	entailment
Definitely the doctor called the author .	The doctor called the author .	entailment
Definitely the lawyers helped the senator .	The lawyers helped the senator .	entailment
Without a doubt the judges thanked the tourists .	The judges thanked the tourists .	entailment
Without a doubt the artists arrived .	The artists arrived .	entailment
Clearly the artists avoided the tourist .	The artists avoided the tourist .	entailment
Definitely the presidents admired the lawyer .	The presidents admired the lawyer .	entailment
Obviously the scientist stopped the athletes .	The scientist stopped the athletes .	entailment
Of course the scientist advised the actors .	The scientist advised the actors .	entailment
Without a doubt the senator saw the secretary .	The senator saw the secretary .	entailment
Clearly the doctor recommended the artists .	The doctor recommended the artists .	entailment
Without a doubt the actors recommended the tourists .	The actors recommended the tourists .	entailment
Definitely the doctor advised the actor .	The doctor advised the actor .	entailment
Without a doubt the actor believed the president .	The actor believed the president .	entailment
Certainly the lawyers supported the scientist .	The lawyers supported the scientist .	entailment
Suddenly the secretary admired the artists .	The secretary admired the artists .	entailment
Without a doubt the manager arrived .	The manager arrived .	entailment
Obviously the managers admired the student .	The managers admired the student .	entailment
Suddenly the scientist slept .	The scientist slept .	entailment
Without a doubt the manager admired the senators .	The manager admired the senators .	entailment
Of course the president called the lawyer .	The president called the lawyer .	entailment
Clearly the author recognized the athletes .	The author recognized the athletes .	entailment
Obviously the secretary waited .	The secretary waited .	entailment
Clearly the scientist saw the banker .	The scientist saw the banker .	entailment
Of course the author called the professors .	The author called the professors .	entailment
Without a doubt the president slept .	The president slept .	entailment
Definitely the student ran .	The student ran .	entailment
Obviously the scientist advised the president .	The scientist advised the president .	entailment
Certainly the student slept .	The student slept .	entailment
Clearly the doctor performed .	The doctor performed .	entailment
Definitely the athletes thanked the tourist .	The athletes thanked the tourist .	entailment
Obviously the senators encouraged the author .	The senators encouraged the author .	entailment
Clearly the scientists believed the manager .	The scientists believed the manager .	entailment
Certainly the lawyer contacted the author .	The lawyer contacted the author .	entailment
Definitely the students contacted the president .	The students contacted the president .	entailment
Of course the banker helped the doctor .	The banker helped the doctor .	entailment
Without a doubt the authors thanked the banker .	The authors thanked the banker .	entailment
Of course the athlete avoided the manager .	The athlete avoided the manager .	entailment
Definitely the presidents resigned .	The presidents resigned .	entailment
Obviously the lawyers stopped the judges .	The lawyers stopped the judges .	entailment
Suddenly the artists admired the managers .	The artists admired the managers .	entailment
Suddenly the scientists ran .	The scientists ran .	entailment
Definitely the author believed the tourists .	The author believed the tourists .	entailment
Of course the manager admired the athletes .	The manager admired the athletes .	entailment
Definitely the secretary arrived .	The secretary arrived .	entailment
Obviously the manager mentioned the doctor .	The manager mentioned the doctor .	entailment
Of course the student performed .	The student performed .	entailment
Of course the presidents thanked the artists .	The presidents thanked the artists .	entailment
Definitely the tourist resigned .	The tourist resigned .	entailment
Clearly the professor encouraged the manager .	The professor encouraged the manager .	entailment
Obviously the president resigned .	The president resigned .	entailment
Obviously the presidents arrived .	The presidents arrived .	entailment
Without a doubt the professors avoided the student .	The professors avoided the student .	entailment
Clearly the professors shouted .	The professors shouted .	entailment
Definitely the senators contacted the students .	The senators contacted the students .	entailment
Suddenly the lawyers contacted the actor .	The lawyers contacted the actor .	entailment
Certainly the students advised the tourist .	The students advised the tourist .	entailment
Without a doubt the scientists waited .	The scientists waited .	entailment
Without a doubt the senator helped the president .	The senator helped the president .	entailment
Without a doubt the senators performed .	The senators performed .	entailment
Without a doubt the lawyers saw the scientist .	The lawyers saw the scientist .	entailment
Definitely the managers encouraged the scientist .	The managers encouraged the scientist .	entailment
Of course the tourists performed .	The tourists performed .	entailment
Clearly the banker saw the managers .	The banker saw the managers .	entailment
Without a doubt the lawyer recommended the student .	The lawyer recommended the student .	entailment
Obviously the tourists saw the author .	The tourists saw the author .	entailment
Definitely the lawyer performed .	The lawyer performed .	entailment
Without a doubt the manager helped the actor .	The manager helped the actor .	entailment
Without a doubt the president performed .	The president performed .	entailment
Suddenly the athletes helped the lawyer .	The athletes helped the lawyer .	entailment
Clearly the lawyer called the actor .	The lawyer called the actor .	entailment
Definitely the author advised the lawyer .	The author advised the lawyer .	entailment
Obviously the judges encouraged the doctors .	The judges encouraged the doctors .	entailment
Certainly the actor recognized the manager .	The actor recognized the manager .	entailment
Without a doubt the doctors shouted .	The doctors shouted .	entailment
Definitely the senator admired the author .	The senator admired the author .	entailment
Obviously the president mentioned the athletes .	The president mentioned the athletes .	entailment
Certainly the lawyers performed .	The lawyers performed .	entailment
Without a doubt the bankers slept .	The bankers slept .	entailment
Definitely the lawyer avoided the athlete .	The lawyer avoided the athlete .	entailment
Without a doubt the actors danced .	The actors danced .	entailment
Definitely the actors recommended the lawyer .	The actors recommended the lawyer .	entailment
Obviously the student encouraged the president .	The student encouraged the president .	entailment
Without a doubt the tourist slept .	The tourist slept .	entailment
Certainly the presidents performed .	The presidents performed .	entailment
Of course the presidents recommended the doctor .	The presidents recommended the doctor .	entailment
Of course the tourists slept .	The tourists slept .	entailment
Clearly the tourist avoided the managers .	The tourist avoided the managers .	entailment
Clearly the doctor believed the judge .	The doctor believed the judge .	entailment
Definitely the managers mentioned the students .	The managers mentioned the students .	entailment
Suddenly the students recommended the authors .	The students recommended the authors .	entailment
Suddenly the president performed .	The president performed .	entailment
Suddenly the actors recognized the secretary .	The actors recognized the secretary .	entailment
Of course the managers called the student .	The managers called the student .	entailment
Clearly the managers avoided the judge .	The managers avoided the judge .	entailment
Definitely the students ran .	The students ran .	entailment
Of course the students shouted .	The students shouted .	entailment
Obviously the bankers helped the actor .	The bankers helped the actor .	entailment
Definitely the authors waited .	The authors waited .	entailment
Of course the scientists resigned .	The scientists resigned .	entailment
Of course the presidents thanked the manager .	The presidents thanked the manager .	entailment
Certainly the actors helped the student .	The actors helped the student .	entailment
Suddenly the artist stopped the professor .	The artist stopped the professor .	entailment
Definitely the students recommended the secretary .	The students recommended the secretary .	entailment
Certainly the athlete saw the artist .	The athlete saw the artist .	entailment
Certainly the presidents resigned .	The presidents resigned .	entailment
Definitely the scientist contacted the professor .	The scientist contacted the professor .	entailment
Clearly the doctors thanked the athlete .	The doctors thanked the athlete .	entailment
Clearly the doctor supported the athletes .	The doctor supported the athletes .	entailment
Without a doubt the doctor introduced the manager .	The doctor introduced the manager .	entailment
Definitely the secretaries supported the presidents .	The secretaries supported the presidents .	entailment
Certainly the secretary recommended the artist .	The secretary recommended the artist .	entailment
Definitely the president avoided the actors .	The president avoided the actors .	entailment
Without a doubt the students avoided the authors .	The students avoided the authors .	entailment
Without a doubt the scientists contacted the banker .	The scientists contacted the banker .	entailment
Definitely the authors introduced the tourist .	The authors introduced the tourist .	entailment
Of course the banker ran .	The banker ran .	entailment
Obviously the athlete advised the managers .	The athlete advised the managers .	entailment
Of course the lawyer saw the president .	The lawyer saw the president .	entailment
Clearly the doctors saw the students .	The doctors saw the students .	entailment
Without a doubt the tourists helped the lawyer .	The tourists helped the lawyer .	entailment
Definitely the bankers recognized the manager .	The bankers recognized the manager .	entailment
Of course the tourists introduced the students .	The tourists introduced the students .	entailment
Definitely the authors resigned .	The authors resigned .	entailment
Without a doubt the actor admired the secretaries .	The actor admired the secretaries .	entailment
Without a doubt the bankers introduced the athletes .	The bankers introduced the athletes .	entailment
Of course the president resigned .	The president resigned .	entailment
Clearly the secretaries thanked the professor .	The secretaries thanked the professor .	entailment
Suddenly the managers contacted the professor .	The managers contacted the professor .	entailment
Suddenly the secretaries supported the actors .	The secretaries supported the actors .	entailment
Without a doubt the banker avoided the doctors .	The banker avoided the doctors .	entailment
Certainly the professor believed the judge .	The professor believed the judge .	entailment
Without a doubt the professor encouraged the senators .	The professor encouraged the senators .	entailment
Certainly the presidents arrived .	The presidents arrived .	entailment
Of course the presidents shouted .	The presidents shouted .	entailment
Certainly the scientist performed .	The scientist performed .	entailment
Clearly the artist saw the author .	The artist saw the author .	entailment
Without a doubt the artists supported the athletes .	The artists supported the athletes .	entailment
Obviously the bankers waited .	The bankers waited .	entailment
Definitely the athlete resigned .	The athlete resigned .	entailment
Definitely the doctors recognized the secretaries .	The doctors recognized the secretaries .	entailment
Of course the authors waited .	The authors waited .	entailment
Suddenly the professors shouted .	The professors shouted .	entailment
Suddenly the manager encouraged the professors .	The manager encouraged the professors .	entailment
Obviously the actor danced .	The actor danced .	entailment
Certainly the tourists avoided the students .	The tourists avoided the students .	entailment
Definitely the manager called the secretary .	The manager called the secretary .	entailment
Without a doubt the professor advised the managers .	The professor advised the managers .	entailment
Certainly the author encouraged the tourists .	The author encouraged the tourists .	entailment
Definitely the scientist helped the authors .	The scientist helped the authors .	entailment
Clearly the judge shouted .	The judge shouted .	entailment
Obviously the professor performed .	The professor performed .	entailment
Clearly the judge admired the manager .	The judge admired the manager .	entailment
Of course the artist admired the presidents .	The artist admired the presidents .	entailment
Clearly the author thanked the students .	The author thanked the students .	entailment
Of course the actors waited .	The actors waited .	entailment
Definitely the students thanked the tourist .	The students thanked the tourist .	entailment
Definitely the lawyer supported the scientist .	The lawyer supported the scientist .	entailment
Obviously the secretary avoided the senators .	The secretary avoided the senators .	entailment
Obviously the lawyers mentioned the presidents .	The lawyers mentioned the presidents .	entailment
Clearly the actor resigned .	The actor resigned .	entailment
Definitely the senator recommended the scientists .	The senator recommended the scientists .	entailment
Clearly the authors advised the doctors .	The authors advised the doctors .	entailment
Of course the judge waited .	The judge waited .	entailment
Of course the manager called the professor .	The manager called the professor .	entailment
Suddenly the doctors admired the actors .	The doctors admired the actors .	entailment
Certainly the athletes danced .	The athletes danced .	entailment
Suddenly the presidents advised the doctor .	The presidents advised the doctor .	entailment
Certainly the manager encouraged the secretary .	The manager encouraged the secretary .	entailment
Certainly the scientists ran .	The scientists ran .	entailment
Suddenly the manager helped the athlete .	The manager helped the athlete .	entailment
Without a doubt the professor stopped the presidents .	The professor stopped the presidents .	entailment
Obviously the lawyers danced .	The lawyers danced .	entailment
Without a doubt the secretaries shouted .	The secretaries shouted .	entailment
Suddenly the scientists believed the athletes .	The scientists believed the athletes .	entailment
Certainly the tourist recommended the lawyer .	The tourist recommended the lawyer .	entailment
Certainly the scientist avoided the secretary .	The scientist avoided the secretary .	entailment
Of course the manager slept .	The manager slept .	entailment
Obviously the bankers slept .	The bankers slept .	entailment
Definitely the athlete contacted the doctors .	The athlete contacted the doctors .	entailment
Of course the bankers stopped the author .	The bankers stopped the author .	entailment
Certainly the tourists encouraged the banker .	The tourists encouraged the banker .	entailment
Obviously the doctors encouraged the professor .	The doctors encouraged the professor .	entailment
Obviously the students advised the judges .	The students advised the judges .	entailment
Of course the scientists danced .	The scientists danced .	entailment
Definitely the doctors saw the secretaries .	The doctors saw the secretaries .	entailment
Definitely the managers believed the athletes .	The managers believed the athletes .	entailment
Clearly the artists believed the lawyers .	The artists believed the lawyers .	entailment
Certainly the managers admired the athletes .	The managers admired the athletes .	entailment
Suddenly the managers recommended the doctors .	The managers recommended the doctors .	entailment
Suddenly the student admired the manager .	The student admired the manager .	entailment
Of course the artists admired the bankers .	The artists admired the bankers .	entailment
Certainly the scientists believed the secretaries .	The scientists believed the secretaries .	entailment
Suddenly the senator resigned .	The senator resigned .	entailment
Suddenly the scientists contacted the actors .	The scientists contacted the actors .	entailment
Of course the manager mentioned the student .	The manager mentioned the student .	entailment
Certainly the president contacted the professors .	The president contacted the professors .	entailment
Obviously the students recognized the managers .	The students recognized the managers .	entailment
Clearly the students performed .	The students performed .	entailment
Suddenly the banker introduced the managers .	The banker introduced the managers .	entailment
Without a doubt the scientists performed .	The scientists performed .	entailment
Obviously the lawyer recommended the actors .	The lawyer recommended the actors .	entailment
Without a doubt the senators resigned .	The senators resigned .	entailment
Suddenly the banker waited .	The banker waited .	entailment
Definitely the author waited .	The author waited .	entailment
Clearly the students thanked the secretary .	The students thanked the secretary .	entailment
Clearly the lawyers encouraged the artists .	The lawyers encouraged the artists .	entailment
Without a doubt the professors recommended the judges .	The professors recommended the judges .	entailment
Definitely the senator danced .	The senator danced .	entailment
Definitely the doctor danced .	The doctor danced .	entailment
Of course the author advised the judges .	The author advised the judges .	entailment
Definitely the actors admired the athletes .	The actors admired the athletes .	entailment
Definitely the students thanked the artist .	The students thanked the artist .	entailment
Clearly the professor recognized the judges .	The professor recognized the judges .	entailment
Definitely the senators encouraged the manager .	The senators encouraged the manager .	entailment
Clearly the manager admired the bankers .	The manager admired the bankers .	entailment
Definitely the scientists called the lawyer .	The scientists called the lawyer .	entailment
Certainly the authors recommended the professor .	The authors recommended the professor .	entailment
Without a doubt the student admired the scientist .	The student admired the scientist .	entailment
Definitely the artist performed .	The artist performed .	entailment
Of course the lawyer danced .	The lawyer danced .	entailment
Suddenly the doctor saw the tourist .	The doctor saw the tourist .	entailment
Definitely the banker thanked the artist .	The banker thanked the artist .	entailment
Suddenly the author recognized the tourist .	The author recognized the tourist .	entailment
Of course the professors recognized the presidents .	The professors recognized the presidents .	entailment
Obviously the scientist stopped the professors .	The scientist stopped the professors .	entailment
Clearly the tourists recognized the author .	The tourists recognized the author .	entailment
Clearly the athlete called the actor .	The athlete called the actor .	entailment
Suddenly the lawyers resigned .	The lawyers resigned .	entailment
Suddenly the professors encouraged the student .	The professors encouraged the student .	entailment
Certainly the artists contacted the managers .	The artists contacted the managers .	entailment
Clearly the senators advised the bankers .	The senators advised the bankers .	entailment
Without a doubt the athletes slept .	The athletes slept .	entailment
Definitely the actor performed .	The actor performed .	entailment
Clearly the managers encouraged the authors .	The managers encouraged the authors .	entailment
Without a doubt the managers recommended the author .	The managers recommended the author .	entailment
Definitely the president encouraged the scientists .	The president encouraged the scientists .	entailment
Suddenly the tourist danced .	The tourist danced .	entailment
Certainly the artists mentioned the author .	The artists mentioned the author .	entailment
Certainly the bankers thanked the actor .	The bankers thanked the actor .	entailment
Suddenly the professors saw the senators .	The professors saw the senators .	entailment
Of course the author performed .	The author performed .	entailment
Definitely the presidents admired the athlete .	The presidents admired the athlete .	entailment
Definitely the bankers stopped the lawyer .	The bankers stopped the lawyer .	entailment
Definitely the tourist saw the doctor .	The tourist saw the doctor .	entailment
Clearly the students recognized the authors .	The students recognized the authors .	entailment
Clearly the president saw the manager .	The president saw the manager .	entailment
Obviously the secretary admired the tourists .	The secretary admired the tourists .	entailment
Obviously the lawyer resigned .	The lawyer resigned .	entailment
Certainly the president stopped the judge .	The president stopped the judge .	entailment
Clearly the judges recognized the manager .	The judges recognized the manager .	entailment
Suddenly the secretaries introduced the professors .	The secretaries introduced the professors .	entailment
Without a doubt the scientist admired the presidents .	The scientist admired the presidents .	entailment
Without a doubt the doctors recognized the judges .	The doctors recognized the judges .	entailment
Certainly the lawyers contacted the managers .	The lawyers contacted the managers .	entailment
Suddenly the secretaries ran .	The secretaries ran .	entailment
Without a doubt the tourists performed .	The tourists performed .	entailment
Certainly the scientists advised the artist .	The scientists advised the artist .	entailment
Obviously the students called the secretaries .	The students called the secretaries .	entailment
Obviously the judge danced .	The judge danced .	entailment
Without a doubt the managers mentioned the professors .	The managers mentioned the professors .	entailment
Clearly the professors thanked the bankers .	The professors thanked the bankers .	entailment
Obviously the athlete helped the secretary .	The athlete helped the secretary .	entailment
Obviously the students danced .	The students danced .	entailment
Suddenly the athlete shouted .	The athlete shouted .	entailment
Of course the scientist believed the actor .	The scientist believed the actor .	entailment
Clearly the senators resigned .	The senators resigned .	entailment
Certainly the authors helped the artist .	The authors helped the artist .	entailment
Certainly the bankers helped the senators .	The bankers helped the senators .	entailment
Definitely the senator encouraged the professors .	The senator encouraged the professors .	entailment
Clearly the judges believed the doctor .	The judges believed the doctor .	entailment
Without a doubt the president thanked the judge .	The president thanked the judge .	entailment
Suddenly the lawyer called the bankers .	The lawyer called the bankers .	entailment
Suddenly the student helped the lawyer .	The student helped the lawyer .	entailment
Clearly the lawyers recognized the secretary .	The lawyers recognized the secretary .	entailment
Clearly the bankers resigned .	The bankers resigned .	entailment
Without a doubt the doctors called the senator .	The doctors called the senator .	entailment
Of course the artist saw the author .	The artist saw the author .	entailment
Obviously the artist helped the manager .	The artist helped the manager .	entailment
Clearly the artists introduced the banker .	The artists introduced the banker .	entailment
Suddenly the doctor slept .	The doctor slept .	entailment
Suddenly the artist encouraged the banker .	The artist encouraged the banker .	entailment
Obviously the senator introduced the lawyers .	The senator introduced the lawyers .	entailment
Without a doubt the artists resigned .	The artists resigned .	entailment
Obviously the students encouraged the tourist .	The students encouraged the tourist .	entailment
Obviously the presidents stopped the athlete .	The presidents stopped the athlete .	entailment
Definitely the authors believed the scientist .	The authors believed the scientist .	entailment
Obviously the presidents helped the senators .	The presidents helped the senators .	entailment
Obviously the professors admired the judges .	The professors admired the judges .	entailment
Clearly the presidents mentioned the judge .	The presidents mentioned the judge .	entailment
Definitely the student shouted .	The student shouted .	entailment
Obviously the scientist performed .	The scientist performed .	entailment
Suddenly the president slept .	The president slept .	entailment
Without a doubt the students introduced the author .	The students introduced the author .	entailment
Definitely the judges introduced the actor .	The judges introduced the actor .	entailment
Definitely the doctors danced .	The doctors danced .	entailment
Suddenly the doctors saw the scientist .	The doctors saw the scientist .	entailment
Without a doubt the secretary believed the author .	The secretary believed the author .	entailment
Of course the presidents performed .	The presidents performed .	entailment
Obviously the artist danced .	The artist danced .	entailment
Without a doubt the lawyers arrived .	The lawyers arrived .	entailment
Certainly the students resigned .	The students resigned .	entailment
Without a doubt the doctors advised the author .	The doctors advised the author .	entailment
Definitely the secretaries supported the senator .	The secretaries supported the senator .	entailment
Definitely the athlete ran .	The athlete ran .	entailment
Suddenly the judges thanked the author .	The judges thanked the author .	entailment
Of course the student introduced the artists .	The student introduced the artists .	entailment
Clearly the students believed the judges .	The students believed the judges .	entailment
Definitely the professors helped the judges .	The professors helped the judges .	entailment
Suddenly the scientist saw the athlete .	The scientist saw the athlete .	entailment
Certainly the secretary helped the president .	The secretary helped the president .	entailment
Suddenly the students avoided the author .	The students avoided the author .	entailment
Without a doubt the tourist recognized the manager .	The tourist recognized the manager .	entailment
Certainly the authors contacted the secretary .	The authors contacted the secretary .	entailment
Certainly the professor resigned .	The professor resigned .	entailment
Suddenly the judge saw the artists .	The judge saw the artists .	entailment
Obviously the students thanked the manager .	The students thanked the manager .	entailment
Of course the professor believed the president .	The professor believed the president .	entailment
Definitely the actor ran .	The actor ran .	entailment
Certainly the doctor advised the presidents .	The doctor advised the presidents .	entailment
Certainly the actor saw the student .	The actor saw the student .	entailment
Suddenly the artist recommended the author .	The artist recommended the author .	entailment
Without a doubt the athlete encouraged the students .	The athlete encouraged the students .	entailment
Certainly the actors advised the students .	The actors advised the students .	entailment
Suddenly the judges resigned .	The judges resigned .	entailment
Without a doubt the president believed the lawyers .	The president believed the lawyers .	entailment
Of course the author arrived .	The author arrived .	entailment
Definitely the artist called the author .	The artist called the author .	entailment
Obviously the authors encouraged the tourist .	The authors encouraged the tourist .	entailment
Definitely the tourists arrived .	The tourists arrived .	entailment
Obviously the managers thanked the lawyers .	The managers thanked the lawyers .	entailment
Obviously the secretary shouted .	The secretary shouted .	entailment
Without a doubt the secretaries ran .	The secretaries ran .	entailment
Without a doubt the tourists arrived .	The tourists arrived .	entailment
Obviously the artists performed .	The artists performed .	entailment
Certainly the manager saw the lawyers .	The manager saw the lawyers .	entailment
Suddenly the professors performed .	The professors performed .	entailment
Suddenly the doctors ran .	The doctors ran .	entailment
Without a doubt the students ran .	The students ran .	entailment
Obviously the athletes mentioned the students .	The athletes mentioned the students .	entailment
Without a doubt the judge shouted .	The judge shouted .	entailment
Certainly the tourists contacted the scientist .	The tourists contacted the scientist .	entailment
Of course the authors danced .	The authors danced .	entailment
Obviously the presidents contacted the doctors .	The presidents contacted the doctors .	entailment
Definitely the banker resigned .	The banker resigned .	entailment
Without a doubt the lawyer helped the managers .	The lawyer helped the managers .	entailment
Of course the doctor shouted .	The doctor shouted .	entailment
Certainly the tourists supported the lawyers .	The tourists supported the lawyers .	entailment
Clearly the senator believed the artists .	The senator believed the artists .	entailment
Certainly the lawyers danced .	The lawyers danced .	entailment
Of course the athlete recommended the president .	The athlete recommended the president .	entailment
Without a doubt the banker supported the actors .	The banker supported the actors .	entailment
Without a doubt the lawyer called the doctors .	The lawyer called the doctors .	entailment
Obviously the managers mentioned the secretary .	The managers mentioned the secretary .	entailment
Obviously the presidents mentioned the managers .	The presidents mentioned the managers .	entailment
Suddenly the senator waited .	The senator waited .	entailment
Definitely the lawyers waited .	The lawyers waited .	entailment
Clearly the student believed the tourist .	The student believed the tourist .	entailment
Clearly the athlete waited .	The athlete waited .	entailment
Obviously the doctors waited .	The doctors waited .	entailment
Suddenly the athlete helped the president .	The athlete helped the president .	entailment
Clearly the athlete helped the senators .	The athlete helped the senators .	entailment
Definitely the professor supported the lawyer .	The professor supported the lawyer .	entailment
Certainly the presidents recommended the athlete .	The presidents recommended the athlete .	entailment
Without a doubt the actor performed .	The actor performed .	entailment
Suddenly the athletes recommended the scientists .	The athletes recommended the scientists .	entailment
Suddenly the athlete mentioned the scientists .	The athlete mentioned the scientists .	entailment
Without a doubt the artists avoided the scientist .	The artists avoided the scientist .	entailment
Of course the scientist helped the athletes .	The scientist helped the athletes .	entailment
Of course the doctors contacted the students .	The doctors contacted the students .	entailment
Clearly the banker avoided the professor .	The banker avoided the professor .	entailment
Of course the doctor arrived .	The doctor arrived .	entailment
Of course the secretary resigned .	The secretary resigned .	entailment
Clearly the managers performed .	The managers performed .	entailment
Clearly the authors shouted .	The authors shouted .	entailment
Certainly the artist advised the senator .	The artist advised the senator .	entailment
Obviously the tourists thanked the doctor .	The tourists thanked the doctor .	entailment
Of course the scientists performed .	The scientists performed .	entailment
Of course the doctors resigned .	The doctors resigned .	entailment
Obviously the scientist encouraged the senators .	The scientist encouraged the senators .	entailment
Suddenly the artist thanked the scientists .	The artist thanked the scientists .	entailment
Obviously the actors avoided the bankers .	The actors avoided the bankers .	entailment
Clearly the secretary introduced the artist .	The secretary introduced the artist .	entailment
Certainly the scientist saw the artist .	The scientist saw the artist .	entailment
Obviously the judge performed .	The judge performed .	entailment
Obviously the judge resigned .	The judge resigned .	entailment
Definitely the president stopped the professor .	The president stopped the professor .	entailment
Obviously the secretaries stopped the manager .	The secretaries stopped the manager .	entailment
Without a doubt the artist contacted the students .	The artist contacted the students .	entailment
Certainly the secretary performed .	The secretary performed .	entailment
Of course the secretary ran .	The secretary ran .	entailment
Obviously the banker waited .	The banker waited .	entailment
Without a doubt the bankers ran .	The bankers ran .	entailment
Certainly the artists stopped the tourists .	The artists stopped the tourists .	entailment
Suddenly the professor danced .	The professor danced .	entailment
Certainly the secretaries advised the actor .	The secretaries advised the actor .	entailment
Suddenly the professors supported the secretaries .	The professors supported the secretaries .	entailment
Certainly the professors waited .	The professors waited .	entailment
Certainly the actors saw the scientists .	The actors saw the scientists .	entailment
Certainly the professor contacted the actor .	The professor contacted the actor .	entailment
Definitely the bankers recognized the authors .	The bankers recognized the authors .	entailment
Clearly the scientist thanked the secretary .	The scientist thanked the secretary .	entailment
Of course the bankers mentioned the scientist .	The bankers mentioned the scientist .	entailment
Suddenly the student stopped the tourist .	The student stopped the tourist .	entailment
Obviously the artist ran .	The artist ran .	entailment
Suddenly the artist performed .	The artist performed .	entailment
Clearly the author ran .	The author ran .	entailment
Definitely the professors performed .	The professors performed .	entailment
Certainly the scientist shouted .	The scientist shouted .	entailment
Suddenly the president advised the professor .	The president advised the professor .	entailment
Certainly the student contacted the actors .	The student contacted the actors .	entailment
Definitely the presidents shouted .	The presidents shouted .	entailment
Definitely the secretaries stopped the tourists .	The secretaries stopped the tourists .	entailment
Definitely the author contacted the student .	The author contacted the student .	entailment
Without a doubt the banker performed .	The banker performed .	entailment
Obviously the actor recognized the doctors .	The actor recognized the doctors .	entailment
Without a doubt the students introduced the scientists .	The students introduced the scientists .	entailment
Suddenly the banker thanked the artist .	The banker thanked the artist .	entailment
Obviously the athletes helped the banker .	The athletes helped the banker .	entailment
Clearly the tourists recognized the presidents .	The tourists recognized the presidents .	entailment
Clearly the presidents believed the doctors .	The presidents believed the doctors .	entailment
Of course the senator ran .	The senator ran .	entailment
Certainly the professor stopped the judge .	The professor stopped the judge .	entailment
Of course the presidents recommended the athletes .	The presidents recommended the athletes .	entailment
Without a doubt the tourist waited .	The tourist waited .	entailment
Obviously the scientists admired the students .	The scientists admired the students .	entailment
Without a doubt the manager waited .	The manager waited .	entailment
Clearly the actor recommended the managers .	The actor recommended the managers .	entailment
Suddenly the manager avoided the judge .	The manager avoided the judge .	entailment
Definitely the presidents danced .	The presidents danced .	entailment
Of course the secretaries encouraged the student .	The secretaries encouraged the student .	entailment
Certainly the artists ran .	The artists ran .	entailment
Definitely the professor called the president .	The professor called the president .	entailment
Definitely the professors introduced the author .	The professors introduced the author .	entailment
Definitely the judge shouted .	The judge shouted .	entailment
Clearly the professors admired the judge .	The professors admired the judge .	entailment
Suddenly the banker performed .	The banker performed .	entailment
Certainly the professors contacted the student .	The professors contacted the student .	entailment
Definitely the doctor performed .	The doctor performed .	entailment
Clearly the bankers arrived .	The bankers arrived .	entailment
Obviously the actors contacted the judge .	The actors contacted the judge .	entailment
Without a doubt the tourists shouted .	The tourists shouted .	entailment
Definitely the judge encouraged the lawyers .	The judge encouraged the lawyers .	entailment
Obviously the student believed the authors .	The student believed the authors .	entailment
Without a doubt the scientists advised the athlete .	The scientists advised the athlete .	entailment
Obviously the author recommended the student .	The author recommended the student .	entailment
Suddenly the secretaries resigned .	The secretaries resigned .	entailment
Obviously the tourist stopped the doctors .	The tourist stopped the doctors .	entailment
Suddenly the lawyer ran .	The lawyer ran .	entailment
Certainly the actor recommended the doctors .	The actor recommended the doctors .	entailment
Clearly the secretary called the managers .	The secretary called the managers .	entailment
Obviously the presidents believed the senators .	The presidents believed the senators .	entailment
Of course the banker thanked the artists .	The banker thanked the artists .	entailment
Without a doubt the student arrived .	The student arrived .	entailment
Without a doubt the lawyers ran .	The lawyers ran .	entailment
Of course the judge advised the author .	The judge advised the author .	entailment
Suddenly the banker resigned .	The banker resigned .	entailment
Obviously the author advised the manager .	The author advised the manager .	entailment
Obviously the lawyers recommended the tourists .	The lawyers recommended the tourists .	entailment
Without a doubt the actor contacted the lawyers .	The actor contacted the lawyers .	entailment
Obviously the judges ran .	The judges ran .	entailment
Clearly the lawyers arrived .	The lawyers arrived .	entailment
Of course the actors helped the judges .	The actors helped the judges .	entailment
Of course the athletes arrived .	The athletes arrived .	entailment
Without a doubt the managers admired the tourist .	The managers admired the tourist .	entailment
Of course the managers introduced the president .	The managers introduced the president .	entailment
Obviously the authors believed the athletes .	The authors believed the athletes .	entailment
Of course the lawyers saw the secretary .	The lawyers saw the secretary .	entailment
Suddenly the artist stopped the athlete .	The artist stopped the athlete .	entailment
Without a doubt the author stopped the scientists .	The author stopped the scientists .	entailment
Without a doubt the senator advised the judges .	The senator advised the judges .	entailment
Without a doubt the senator avoided the lawyers .	The senator avoided the lawyers .	entailment
Certainly the lawyers advised the actor .	The lawyers advised the actor .	entailment
Obviously the scientist saw the athletes .	The scientist saw the athletes .	entailment
Without a doubt the authors mentioned the banker .	The authors mentioned the banker .	entailment
Clearly the athlete encouraged the banker .	The athlete encouraged the banker .	entailment
Obviously the senators recognized the lawyers .	The senators recognized the lawyers .	entailment
Of course the students encouraged the athlete .	The students encouraged the athlete .	entailment
Without a doubt the doctor introduced the senator .	The doctor introduced the senator .	entailment
Certainly the lawyers called the bankers .	The lawyers called the bankers .	entailment
Certainly the athlete advised the banker .	The athlete advised the banker .	entailment
Obviously the scientist thanked the students .	The scientist thanked the students .	entailment
Obviously the actor believed the tourist .	The actor believed the tourist .	entailment
Suddenly the senators danced .	The senators danced .	entailment
Obviously the authors believed the athlete .	The authors believed the athlete .	entailment
Certainly the banker believed the professor .	The banker believed the professor .	entailment
Definitely the scientists admired the managers .	The scientists admired the managers .	entailment
Of course the athletes waited .	The athletes waited .	entailment
Definitely the senator recognized the scientist .	The senator recognized the scientist .	entailment
Of course the doctors avoided the banker .	The doctors avoided the banker .	entailment
Clearly the lawyer contacted the athlete .	The lawyer contacted the athlete .	entailment
Clearly the presidents recommended the professor .	The presidents recommended the professor .	entailment
Of course the professor stopped the artists .	The professor stopped the artists .	entailment
Of course the judge recognized the tourists .	The judge recognized the tourists .	entailment
Certainly the banker slept .	The banker slept .	entailment
Certainly the author admired the actors .	The author admired the actors .	entailment
Certainly the judge waited .	The judge waited .	entailment
Obviously the athletes called the scientists .	The athletes called the scientists .	entailment
Obviously the actor contacted the managers .	The actor contacted the managers .	entailment
Definitely the managers saw the tourist .	The managers saw the tourist .	entailment
Suddenly the manager introduced the judge .	The manager introduced the judge .	entailment
Without a doubt the professor advised the senators .	The professor advised the senators .	entailment
Suddenly the authors stopped the secretaries .	The authors stopped the secretaries .	entailment
Suddenly the students waited .	The students waited .	entailment
Obviously the banker avoided the scientists .	The banker avoided the scientists .	entailment
Without a doubt the banker mentioned the authors .	The banker mentioned the authors .	entailment
Clearly the manager slept .	The manager slept .	entailment
Definitely the secretaries mentioned the lawyer .	The secretaries mentioned the lawyer .	entailment
Clearly the actor thanked the scientist .	The actor thanked the scientist .	entailment
Obviously the professor mentioned the lawyers .	The professor mentioned the lawyers .	entailment
Clearly the bankers waited .	The bankers waited .	entailment
Of course the author mentioned the scientists .	The author mentioned the scientists .	entailment
Obviously the senator avoided the professor .	The senator avoided the professor .	entailment
Certainly the senators recognized the actor .	The senators recognized the actor .	entailment
Obviously the artists ran .	The artists ran .	entailment
Suddenly the tourists supported the judges .	The tourists supported the judges .	entailment
Of course the artists resigned .	The artists resigned .	entailment
